"Am I ever!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Hmmm. So... is it okay if I go to the women's conference with Chloe?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Really? Uh, sure.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Sounds great.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Danica Patrick in my thoughts!"
C. Montgomery Burns: "Trust me, he'll say it, or I'll bust him down to Thursday night vespers."
"Gimme that torch." Lisa Simpson said.
"No! No, I've got a lot more mothering left in me!", Marge Simpson said.
"Oh, Homie, I don't care if you're a billionaire. I love you just because you're..." Marge Simpson said.
"Damn you, e-Bay!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Ned's run off into the desert!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Can't you see the difference between earning something honestly and getting it by fraud?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "And then he said he didn't want a twin because they'd just fight."
Homer Simpson said "Roadrunners are real!"
"I can see that down deep is a decent man.", Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "I'm saying this is worse than a million A-minuses!"
"Oh, quick, Homer! Which way do we turn--?" Ned Flanders replied.
Homer Simpson said "But it's my burger."
Homer Simpson said: "I guess I'll never find her."
Homer Simpson replied "No, I didn't... I... Oh, you mean inside, don't you?"
Lisa Simpson said "This is just two years ago!"
Lisa Simpson answered "I'll see you later."
"Ooh, lemon. That'll stop the cherry." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "But I'm not Homer Simpson..."
Bart Simpson replied: "Krusty!"
"Yeah, a lifetime of memories." Homer Simpson said.
"Yeah. No problem.", Moe Szyslak said.
"Well, when horses poop, they don't stop. They just keep walking.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Huh?" Bart Simpson said.
"Nooo!", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "IT'S A DESPERATE CRIMINAL / ON THE RUN FROM THE LAW / PLEASE SPARE MY CHILDREN!"
"Curling is real." Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Just lean into it. It'll be over soon, one way or another."
Homer Simpson said "Professor Pigskin told me to bet on the Raiders but they look awful."
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Well those are my ideas! You people don't think, you regurgitate. That's why I promoted someone who's in touch with the workers. You!"
"Homer! If Maggie really doesn't want to leave the house maybe she should just stay with you.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Hi Ned. Where are the boys?", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "Homie, please be all right."
"Hello, Principal Skinner." Marge Simpson replied.
"Rocks... shatter... jagged cliff... Lis, you've just given me an idea for the most insane, hair-brained, fool-proof scheme ever!", Bart Simpson said.
"We've all read the terms and conditions, Milhouse." Bart Simpson answered.
"Get it off! Get it off! Get it offf!!", Homer Simpson said.
"Then why are you hiding?" Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "What? So you can also get famous and bail on us? You're out of the band!"
"Hey, I've had a hard trip too. One of the lenses fell out of my sunglasses.", Homer Simpson replied.
"So-ho, the rats seem happy." Homer Simpson responded.
"My friends...", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "I'm getting a cramp in my wrist!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Say it!"
Bart Simpson answered "Can I join?"
Homer Simpson said "Aw thanks, Marge. But it'll take a lot more than that to comfort this tortured soul."
"Let's go now... Sa-winggg, batter!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Marge, it's so great to have the whole family together under one roof. I never realized how much I missed it. Listen to the murmurs in the next room. The house is full of life again."
"Dad, you tried your best. For the first time in my life I can say, without being drunk, that I truly admire you.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "I'm gonna get there early, so I can get in good with the lunch truck guy."
"Well, it's somewhere! It didn't just get up and walk away!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Come to papa!", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh no."
Bart Simpson said "Really? Okay."
Bart Simpson answered "It was an accident! I didn't mean to kill our ants."
Homer Simpson said "One hundred dollars!"
"Drive all the way... get the wrong elf... ain't no glass... I'll show 'em -- I'll buy ten more gallons of their stupid gas!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Don't mind if I do." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "The greatest fight ever and I missed it."
"Please say it's the vegetarianism!" Marge Simpson answered.
"It's not what you think!", Marge Simpson responded.
"I'm the one that kept Homer from comin' home... 'cause... uh, well, I was lonely.", Moe Szyslak said.
Ned Flanders replied "I never thought otherwise."
"Just gimme a minute. But feel free to go nuts on me." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "What's wrong with your teeter-totter?"
Bart Simpson said: "Yup."
Homer Simpson said "We'll say it's all our birthdays!"
Lisa Simpson responded "There, there, Rabbi. It's not too late."
Homer Simpson responded: "No, Lisa. The only monster here is the gambling monster that has enslaved your mother. I call him Gamblor. And it's time to snatch your mother from his neon claws."
Homer Simpson said: "Flancrest Enterprises?"
"That's nice." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Oh, so you're a Bart woman, are you?"
"Corporate jet?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Whaaa?!" Lisa Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "That's it. That's it. Come closer..."
"Hey, Troy Aikman!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh hello, Mrs. Pennycandy.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Biatch? Moi?", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "Here, take this. My daughter didn't want the lunch I made."
"I'll be back for tall kitchen bags!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Okay. I'm sorry, too." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Okay, here we go..."
"Why you cagey ol' dog.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Where I should've been all along...", Homer Simpson said.
"I've never been so miserable in all my life. But I can't take it out on Marge and the kids. I've got to carry the burden all by myself." Homer Simpson answered.
"Apu, you shoulda seen your face when they showed you those babies.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Isn't that a little big?" Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Don't worry. Everything is fine. What the hell is that?"
"Well, the drug company won't do anything to help us.", Marge Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak responded "You calling her repellant?"
"How could you let this happen?" Marge Simpson answered.
"Hey, everybody, look! Armin Tamzarian's back and he's gonna take over the school again!" Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders answered: "I walked right into that one."
Homer Simpson: "No one."
Moe Szyslak replied "Oh, yeah. Who's their Egor Glumov?"
