"Am I ever!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Hmmm. So... is it okay if I go to the women's conference with Chloe?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Really? Uh, sure.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Sounds great.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Danica Patrick in my thoughts!"
C. Montgomery Burns: "Trust me, he'll say it, or I'll bust him down to Thursday night vespers."
"Gimme that torch." Lisa Simpson said.
"No! No, I've got a lot more mothering left in me!", Marge Simpson said.
"Oh, Homie, I don't care if you're a billionaire. I love you just because you're..." Marge Simpson said.
"Damn you, e-Bay!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Ned's run off into the desert!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Can't you see the difference between earning something honestly and getting it by fraud?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "And then he said he didn't want a twin because they'd just fight."
Homer Simpson said "Roadrunners are real!"
"I can see that down deep is a decent man.", Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "I'm saying this is worse than a million A-minuses!"
"Oh, quick, Homer! Which way do we turn--?" Ned Flanders replied.
Homer Simpson said "But it's my burger."
Homer Simpson said: "I guess I'll never find her."
Homer Simpson replied "No, I didn't... I... Oh, you mean inside, don't you?"
Lisa Simpson said "This is just two years ago!"
Lisa Simpson answered "I'll see you later."
"Ooh, lemon. That'll stop the cherry." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "But I'm not Homer Simpson..."
Bart Simpson replied: "Krusty!"
"Yeah, a lifetime of memories." Homer Simpson said.
"Yeah. No problem.", Moe Szyslak said.
"Well, when horses poop, they don't stop. They just keep walking.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Huh?" Bart Simpson said.
"Nooo!", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "IT'S A DESPERATE CRIMINAL / ON THE RUN FROM THE LAW / PLEASE SPARE MY CHILDREN!"
"Curling is real." Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Just lean into it. It'll be over soon, one way or another."
Homer Simpson said "Professor Pigskin told me to bet on the Raiders but they look awful."
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Well those are my ideas! You people don't think, you regurgitate. That's why I promoted someone who's in touch with the workers. You!"
"Homer! If Maggie really doesn't want to leave the house maybe she should just stay with you.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Hi Ned. Where are the boys?", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "Homie, please be all right."
"Hello, Principal Skinner." Marge Simpson replied.
"Rocks... shatter... jagged cliff... Lis, you've just given me an idea for the most insane, hair-brained, fool-proof scheme ever!", Bart Simpson said.
"We've all read the terms and conditions, Milhouse." Bart Simpson answered.
"Get it off! Get it off! Get it offf!!", Homer Simpson said.
"Then why are you hiding?" Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "What? So you can also get famous and bail on us? You're out of the band!"
"Hey, I've had a hard trip too. One of the lenses fell out of my sunglasses.", Homer Simpson replied.
"So-ho, the rats seem happy." Homer Simpson responded.
"My friends...", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "I'm getting a cramp in my wrist!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Say it!"
Bart Simpson answered "Can I join?"
Homer Simpson said "Aw thanks, Marge. But it'll take a lot more than that to comfort this tortured soul."
"Let's go now... Sa-winggg, batter!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Marge, it's so great to have the whole family together under one roof. I never realized how much I missed it. Listen to the murmurs in the next room. The house is full of life again."
"Dad, you tried your best. For the first time in my life I can say, without being drunk, that I truly admire you.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "I'm gonna get there early, so I can get in good with the lunch truck guy."
"Well, it's somewhere! It didn't just get up and walk away!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Come to papa!", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh no."
Bart Simpson said "Really? Okay."
Bart Simpson answered "It was an accident! I didn't mean to kill our ants."
Homer Simpson said "One hundred dollars!"
"Drive all the way... get the wrong elf... ain't no glass... I'll show 'em -- I'll buy ten more gallons of their stupid gas!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Don't mind if I do." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "The greatest fight ever and I missed it."
"Please say it's the vegetarianism!" Marge Simpson answered.
"It's not what you think!", Marge Simpson responded.
"I'm the one that kept Homer from comin' home... 'cause... uh, well, I was lonely.", Moe Szyslak said.
Ned Flanders replied "I never thought otherwise."
"Just gimme a minute. But feel free to go nuts on me." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "What's wrong with your teeter-totter?"
Bart Simpson said: "Yup."
Homer Simpson said "We'll say it's all our birthdays!"
Lisa Simpson responded "There, there, Rabbi. It's not too late."
Homer Simpson responded: "No, Lisa. The only monster here is the gambling monster that has enslaved your mother. I call him Gamblor. And it's time to snatch your mother from his neon claws."
Homer Simpson said: "Flancrest Enterprises?"
"That's nice." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Oh, so you're a Bart woman, are you?"
"Corporate jet?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Whaaa?!" Lisa Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "That's it. That's it. Come closer..."
"Hey, Troy Aikman!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh hello, Mrs. Pennycandy.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Biatch? Moi?", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "Here, take this. My daughter didn't want the lunch I made."
"I'll be back for tall kitchen bags!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Okay. I'm sorry, too." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Okay, here we go..."
"Why you cagey ol' dog.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Where I should've been all along...", Homer Simpson said.
"I've never been so miserable in all my life. But I can't take it out on Marge and the kids. I've got to carry the burden all by myself." Homer Simpson answered.
"Apu, you shoulda seen your face when they showed you those babies.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Isn't that a little big?" Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Don't worry. Everything is fine. What the hell is that?"
"Well, the drug company won't do anything to help us.", Marge Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak responded "You calling her repellant?"
"How could you let this happen?" Marge Simpson answered.
"Hey, everybody, look! Armin Tamzarian's back and he's gonna take over the school again!" Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders answered: "I walked right into that one."
Homer Simpson: "No one."
Moe Szyslak replied "Oh, yeah. Who's their Egor Glumov?"
"Shall we say ten?" Bart Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak replied "Eh, well, you can't. Your tolerance is too high."
Bart Simpson answered "So what am I supposed to do exactly?"
"Homer, you know my parents, Capri and Nedward." Ned Flanders said.
"What I want can't be bought at any store." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Thank you! Thank you! But there was someone else with me on that alley. I'm talkin' about the big man, Carl.", Homer Simpson said.
"My name is Moe Szyslak, and I'm here to elect me!" Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson: "I mean it made me feel bad. The poor thing ends up being hauled to the nut house when all she needed was for that big slob to show her some respect. At least that's what I thought. I have a history of missing the point of stuff like this."
"Well, you're closing. It's getting late. My kids are probably wondering where their daddy is. There's gotta be some other place we can go. Think, Moe. Think.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Wait a minute... that guy on the poster looks familiar."
"Why, you clattering clank of.... My dear lady, as you well know my back is a disaster area. D'oh the pain! D'oh the pain of it all!" Homer Simpson answered.
"What'd I do?" Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "I'll never forget you."
"Maybe you'd like to give it a try?", Seymour Skinner responded.
"Hey, this maze is made of corn!" Homer Simpson answered.
"My only fear is, I always sabotage myself when I'm on the verge of happiness.", Lisa Simpson said.
Ned Flanders replied: "Twenty? Homer, I paid three hundred dollars for this just last year."
Homer Simpson: "I can't wait for the reviews!"
Homer Simpson answered: "I know that. How much to fix it?"
Bart Simpson said "I'M GOING TO THE OS-CARS! NOT AS A SEAT FILL-ER! I'LL GET A GIFT BAS-KET! BUT I WON'T DE-CLARE IT!"
"I've found a way we can pay for the operation." Marge Simpson said.
"I wish my dates were this interesting." Seymour Skinner answered.
"Conductor, get ready to play my song!" Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "They've run away!"
Lisa Simpson said: "Wow, the Truth in Boardwalking Law has really done a number on this place."
"How many times were you president, George?" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "America, take a good look at your beloved candidates! They're nothing but hideous space reptiles!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Tomorrow's? I hadn't thought about publishing more."
"That's what we've been trying to tell you.", Homer Simpson said.
"Especially when we send it to him piece by piece.", Homer Simpson answered.
"I move we reconsider our club name. Make it something a little less blasphemous. After all we don't want to go to Hell.", Ned Flanders answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "Aww, just like her mommy, Maggie Senior. So, what did everyone do today?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Hmmm... the sea won't stand for this."
Homer Simpson answered: "Ayyyy! Ohhhh! Ayyyy! Ohhhh!"
Marge Simpson said: "That's not how a family vacation works. We do things together while your father has fun without us."
"How can we afford any of these private schools? They're all so expensive. If we want to throw good money after bad, why don't we just get Grampa that new pacemaker?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Guess what, boy. Last night I towed your principal's car." Homer Simpson responded.
"I hope T-Rex likes the present I made him.", Homer Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders said: "Ohhh, that's a nice thought, Toddy, but to build an amusement park you need lots of money, and manpower, and turnstiles..."
"What? She's hilarious." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Hey, I'd rather live in a dump than in a world run by snooty garbage men."
"Now kids, instead of candy, I thought I'd serve an array of healthy fresh fruits.", Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "You didn't vote for anybody."
Lisa Simpson said: "The people of my tribe lived in harmony with the land."
"Look at Grampa and Selma frolicking in the water." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "You're glad? You don't look glad. Are you sure you know what glad means?"
"I just know we're gonna be friends forever." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "You said it, ya weirdo."
"Come on out, birdie! Follow the sound of my voice-voice-voice.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Aw, to hell with him!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "C'mon, kids. Let's try the lights!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Maarge. I think Bart's gone crazy!"
"No.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Everyone just act cool. If anyone asks, tell them we're plumbers... and then start plumbing until they go away."
Homer Simpson said: "Son, let this be a lesson: never work hard and don't form emotional attachments. Also, don't be a cow."
"What are you lookin' at?", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "He sure is -- if he can keep up with these party animals!"
"Oh my. The room looks so bare." Ned Flanders answered.
"I didn't see you come in.", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "Honey..."
Bart Simpson responded "Yeah, without the sun, my hair's reverting to its natural red."
"Who? Wait a minute, who's that?" Bart Simpson replied.
"Mom?", Lisa Simpson replied.
"I see.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Oh, the Hammock District."
Seymour Skinner responded "Now it's a dance contest at the vampire prom."
Homer Simpson replied "You tutor?"
Homer Simpson responded "Marge, I have something to show you."
Bart Simpson said "Wow. You're really asking for my help?"
Lisa Simpson answered: "Like, you know, whatever. Like, you know, whatever."
Homer Simpson responded "Um, can I be a mate on your ship? Preferably First Mate."
"Thanks, everyone. I'm all better now. No more storing up the anger 'til I explode. If any of you does something I don't like, you are gonna hear about it!", Ned Flanders answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Whatcha doing, Marge?"
Homer Simpson responded "Would you sign this for my wife Marge? She's a big fan and her birthday is tomorrow."
Homer Simpson responded "You make us beg for a filthy pillow that a barnyard rat wouldn't curl up and die in! And watch pre-taped messages that make crashing look like fun!"
"Marge, I... Damn it, where's that card?" Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner answered "What, a wall?"
"Homer, that's for children!", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Son, that's the stupidest idea I ever heard. And I know exactly who would pay top dollar for it."
"Where do you think you're going?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Well, what can I do? They won't let me in the boys' school." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Well, I'm going in anyway.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Oh, it just turned up in the course of my daily rummaging. By the way, I oiled the hinge on your diary." Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "Squibs!"
Homer Simpson answered "Don't just stare back at me, come up with a theory! Geez, it's all over the place. Holy Moly."
"Umm... no thanks." Homer Simpson responded.
"You really wanna make love on half a mattress behind a billboard?", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "Hold that thought. I'm getting a text."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Mom, are you sure you don't wanna play?"
Homer Simpson said "Now how 'bout that game at the Pitch 'n Putt?"
"I think someone I love is a terrorist. Does that make me crazy?", Lisa Simpson replied.
"I'd like that. I'd like it a lot." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Would you like to wear mittens or go commando?"
"What the hell?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Homer, that's very rude of you.", Marge Simpson said.
"Well, I need something for my son's birthday.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Give back my baby!" Marge Simpson responded.
"Well, why don't you do something about it?", Lisa Simpson responded.
"If they can be that rude, the food must be great!" Marge Simpson said.
"It's not my fault. It's the reed.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "Homer, thanks to your unlicensed barbery, Patty and Selma have been getting compliments all day at the DMV."
Marge Simpson responded "Come on, let's get you inside and scrape the gum out of your hair."
"Nice place you got here. Ooh look, a hair net. Be a shame if it was hurled to the ground!" Homer Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner replied: "We need Lisa Simpson at Springfield Elementary. She's our top student and she writes the fun facts in the morning announcements!"
Homer Simpson said "OOOH, WHAT A LUCKY MAN..."
Bart Simpson: "Mom! Mom! Stop the car!"
"... And if anybody wants potato chips or anything fancy, tell 'em to go to hell." Moe Szyslak answered.
"Mom, it's lame to be proud of being lame.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Thank you, fellas." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Frontsies... Backsies... I'm with them... V.I.P... Coming through... Very important person... They gave me frontsies..."
Homer Simpson responded: "Don't worry. Being eaten by a crocodile is just like going to sleep... in a giant blender."
Marge Simpson replied: "My hero!"
Homer Simpson said: "I'll give you twenty bucks for it."
"What the?!", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "You are working two jobs!"
"Well, I have been thinking about making them into cut-offs..." Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns: "Smithers, sound the alarum! Summon the shire reeve! Wake the beadle!"
"Mary?" Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "Maybe."
"The kids are a mess! You brought them home exhausted and pretentious!", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Spell? Those girls couldn't have made her sick... or could they?"
Lisa Simpson replied "Everything in this forest is from a fairy tale! And this book can keep us one step ahead!"
"It still beats Disney's California Adventure.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"I hope our friend wasn't in an accident." Homer Simpson said.
"Turn that down! You call that music? I-- I just don't know what to do." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "I've got a great idea. Let's play Space Patrol."
"St. Sebastian was a pious Roman soldier...", Bart Simpson answered.
"The Barney Bugle?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Doesn't ring a bell." Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "You never like my friends."
Homer Simpson replied: "Done and done. Now, do Wiggum."
Bart Simpson replied "Look at me!"
Homer Simpson answered: "No, they weren't all happy Days. Like the time Pinky Tuscadero crashed her motorcycle -- or the night I lost all my money to those card sharks, and my Dad, Tom Bosley, had to get it back."
Bart Simpson said "Groundskeeper Willie, furious with the government that let him down. I'm Bart Simp--"
Lisa Simpson: "Sure we do. Ding ding ding ding ding."
Homer Simpson said: "Oh right. Just leave! But kick like a Rockette!"
Marge Simpson answered "Mr. Burns, how can you be so cold- hearted?"
Bart Simpson said "HAPPY BIRTHDAY LISA /"
Ned Flanders replied: "Well, I guess my first wish is to get rid of those awful aliens."
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Dartmouth?! Get me away from this hideous brute at once!"
"Give the donuts to the hotel staff. Release the pig, and the bowling ball, into the wild." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Lucky."
"Oh, Homie. I know you love me. We don't need to get married again." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Marge, where's my pellet gun?"
"The Arabian Nights Room looks nice...", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Look, it's been fun and all, but I miss indoor plumbing."
"Twenty-four hours? Where'd you pull that crazy number?" Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "Chief Wiggum, you've been around. You don't trust Sideshow Bob, do you?"
Marge Simpson responded: "Homer, please."
"What are you talking about?", Homer Simpson said.
"Oh and the", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "Aw..."
Homer Simpson responded "Ohhh, you suck, Marge."
"Are you sure you're here voluntarily?" Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Pong!"
"Homer, come back! You've got my teeth-whitening system in your suitcase!", Moe Szyslak said.
"Which I'll be doing tomorrow morning, smart guy." Homer Simpson replied.
"Ohhhh, Mister. Porky." Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, I got it -- you want me to stay out here and work on the chorus." Ned Flanders replied.
"No, Dad! I think there's a leak in the line." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "He's only your emotional uncle! I'm your real uncle!"
Bart Simpson said "Nobody tells Bart Simpson what to do."
Homer Simpson replied "I believe that famous people have a debt to everyone. If celebrities didn't want people pawing through their garbage and saying they're gay, they shouldn't have tried to express themselves creatively."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Dad, I think Princess belongs in a stable."
"Homer, she's married to your Dad!" Marge Simpson responded.
"Homer, please! We're about to have tea!" Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "Amen."
"Any uplifting holiday movies?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Marge, I'm gonna miss you so much. And it's not just the sex... it's also the food preparation... your skill with stains of all kinds. But mostly, I'll miss how lucky you make me feel each and every morning." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "We're gonna be rich! We can finally start a family!"
Homer Simpson: "Aw, come on."
Homer Simpson said: "Yeah, three nosy kids. And you know what happens to nosy kids who ask too many questions?"
"Ew, Dad! Wait a minute... Can you pass gas at will? Fart once for no, twice for yes." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Hurricane! Somehow the animals are always the first to know.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "Well... Yes, I do. But they're all heirlooms, too."
Moe Szyslak responded "Hey torso! What's with the cookies? Even the human snail would've been done by now!"
Homer Simpson answered "Woo!"
"No.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Oops."
"No one in history has ever done anything this clever." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "We had fame and fortune."
"I'm gonna eat EIGHT pieces of chocolate.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"What the?" Ned Flanders answered.
"Now I can't remember every little thing that happens in my day.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Hey, Milhouse."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Excellent! Excellent! Excellent!"
Lisa Simpson said: "It was so scary thinking something might happen to you guys."
"Hey, why'd you eat them? I thought you were a vegetarian." Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "What the hey, Mrs. K.?"
Lisa Simpson: "Here's a better idea -- you give me your address, and I'll write to you."
"Oh man, that guy's tough to love.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Hey, Lis, Mom said you had the toenail clippers and-- Whoa, Lisa! Look out! Nelson's in our house!" Bart Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns said "Who told you about those?"
Lisa Simpson said: "Hey!"
"I think I know a place you can skate that's virtually deserted." Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "Pinball, eh? I've always wanted to try this."
Homer Simpson answered: "Arrgh! -- Damn it to..."
"Hey, Lis, guess who's got a genuine Itchy and Scratchy animation cel?!", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "They're not going to get away with this."
Marge Simpson responded: "I'm trying to find a particular tune. It's the one that goes like dah-da-dahhh dah-da-dahhh."
"Okay.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Damn it!"
"Yep. There's your answer, Fish Bulb.", Bart Simpson replied.
"We're not rivals. We're just a couple of dreamers who set the bar a little too high. I can't destroy your work, my friend.", Homer Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Yeah, that's what you think."
Homer Simpson answered "What's your name, Bart... ner? -- Er -- Little partner?"
Bart Simpson answered: "You spent all the money I earned?!"
Bart Simpson: "Thanks mom."
"Ohhh, that's heaven.", Homer Simpson said.
"Nah, you've changed, man.", Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said "Grade me! Look at me! Evaluate and rank me! Oh -- I'm good, good, good, and oh so smart! Grade me!"
"He what?!", Marge Simpson replied.
"Well, at least I'll be able to say I went to a Broadway show.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "With my luck, I bet it will. It's practically a sure thing."
"That's not what dogs do.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "I just won't say anything, okay, honey?"
Moe Szyslak answered: "Yeah, yeah, yeah. Be right there."
Bart Simpson responded: "Hey, who's the moptop with the big schnozz?"
Bart Simpson said "Sea hag!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "That's the kind of riff you can aim for after years of practice. We start off with the fun stuff: music theory."
Seymour Skinner replied: "Uh, oh. There's your bell. Come along now, all of you."
"What the?!", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "Hey, guys, just so you don't hear any wild rumors... I'm being indicted for fraud in Australia."
"I don't feel so good. Can you take me to the hospital?", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Ew!"
"Also, I can't sleep at night 'cause there's this new bully who follows me home and..." Bart Simpson responded.
"My bad.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Ooh! I've missed you too.", Homer Simpson answered.
"I can't believe Krusty is really gone.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Whoop! Careful."
Marge Simpson said "Not any more!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Isn't all great art kind of a mirror?"
"I'll get a couple glasses.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Tell you what: To celebrate your first day of genius school, whaddaya say we go out for a round of frosty chocolate milkshakes?"
"Bart, stop fooling with the remote!", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "I'm her sister. And you?"
Moe Szyslak: "Don't-hang-up-on-me!"
Bart Simpson: "Ha! Ha! Ha! Hee! Hee!/ Woo hoo! Ha! Ha! / I didn't think it was gonna fall over. Ha! Ha!"
Lisa Simpson: "They have Itchy and Scratchy weddings?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Sharks, innocent? Please. Every year they kill a couple of people who do a series of stupid things. The shark's reptilian brain understands only one thing: the crime of murder..."
Marge Simpson answered "Wrong holiday, stupid!"
Moe Szyslak said: "Neither do I."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Goodbye, Mr. Sherman. If I ever play Carnegie Hall, I'll give you a call."
Homer Simpson replied: "Drunk cop? Is that you?"
Marge Simpson replied "Chocks?! Why don't we try it... freestyle."
"Now!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Flanders?" Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "That's right."
Homer Simpson said: "Marge, lighten up. Even Grampa's enjoying himself."
"Lisa, Channel 6 is launching a children's news program. And they've asked me to select an outstanding student to be anchorchild.", Seymour Skinner responded.
Homer Simpson: "Wait a minute, Bart's band is brainwashing kids with subliminal messages? That's pretty farfetched, Lisa."
"I'm tired of being a corporate shill.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"And ours!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, uh, Roz, I have to step out for one hour and forty-three minutes. Could you cover for me?"
"The TiVo is installed! Now we can watch shows, and skip the commercials!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Don't worry, there's plenty for all of you! Now who's laughing? Huh? Huh? Me! I'm laughing!" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "That's for employing me for eight years! Ha ha."
Homer Simpson responded "This is our chance to rub elbows with Springfield's young, hip power couples... Like me and Debbie Pinson."
"Where is Nelson?" Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "Uh... you know that bra that broke up our family?"
"You look a little sluggish out there, boy. I'd better open you up.", Bart Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak answered: "Oh, behave!"
Bart Simpson: "Can I have a burger, dad?"
"Think, Homer, think.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Sit down! / You're breaking -- / Don't touch that--" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "So?"
Homer Simpson responded "Kids, this is the holiest night of the year. Tomorrow is Father's Day, and that makes tonight Father's Day Eve."
Lisa Simpson answered: "But he didn't do anything!"
"I would." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "That's Ned Flanders. There's one in every neighborhood."
Lisa Simpson said: "John Shaft."
Homer Simpson answered: "Huh?"
"We've got a test, and I didn't read the book. I'll get a zero for sure, Bart! What do I do?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "And I can spend my Mother's Day taking care of something I've been putting off for a long time."
"Evolution?!" Ned Flanders said.
"What kind of lunch is this? A drawing of a sandwich?", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "No talking like a grizzled 1890's prospector... consarnit!"
Homer Simpson said: "Well, I guess I should explain. Not long ago, it was my day to take care of the baby, so I was out in the forest, hiding."
"Lenny, how ya doin'? It's Moe. I got some class three gossip here." Moe Szyslak said.
"Why'd you bring that up?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Mars, eh? Hmmm, I see no evidence of water." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "Not right now."
"Uh, uh, uh, let me guess. A mother can always tell. Hmm, it's not fear of nuclear war. Hmm, it's not swim test anxiety. It almost feels like you're missing something. Something important.", Marge Simpson answered.
"What?!", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Let's do it."
"No Ma'am! Sneakers!", Seymour Skinner responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "How can I end this torture?!"
"You could see our house in that photo.", Marge Simpson said.
"Do you wanna try a little harder, son? Come on, give it a girl's name." Homer Simpson responded.
"Ooh, I've never had a pair of pants that fit this well in my life." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Boy, come here and listen to Lisa's story. It's about Moe's treasure!"
Homer Simpson answered "No use struggling my beloved Chalamela."
Lisa Simpson replied "So I took a stab at writing my own song. Something that expresses what's really in my heart."
"Move it, poky.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Groundskeeper Willie, you know the guy in the skirt? He bought himself a mail-order bride, but he was too cheap to pay the C.O.D., right? So she's still in a crate down at the post office! Wanna go look-see?" Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson: "Errrrghh... just...a little more. Got it!"
Marge Simpson: "All you can drink... if you buy a jumbo cup."
"Tennessee Williams?! But how did he survive in the world of theater?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Dad, I'm telling you, Truman wins." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Ay carumba!", Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "Okay. Then I'm going to start kicking air like this. And if any part of you should fill that air, it's your own fault."
Lisa Simpson answered: "There's no chance whatsoever. I'll show you."
C. Montgomery Burns answered "No. Vendor, two, please."
"I STOPPED MY CRYING / WHY, I DON'T KNOW / BUT THIS ROSEY, COZY, BUBBLES-IN-MY-NOSE-Y / MAKES ME WANNA HAVE... MO'!" Marge Simpson answered.
"If I talk to Nikki, I'm sure I can--", Bart Simpson replied.
"Poor Tony. He didn't deserve this. He was just a soldier in a war he started." Homer Simpson replied.
"It was in... It was in my pocket.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Lisa's not gonna want that. Oh, what can I get her?"
"Yes it's me!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Really? You really think I'm better than you?", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Groundskeeper Willie?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Maybe! Look, you guys obviously know about weather, but I understand something much more predictable: women."
Homer Simpson answered "Shows how much she... knooooows! It's hurting my eyes!"
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Working late, Simpson?"
C. Montgomery Burns said "Smithers, why did you iron a crease in these dungarees? I look like a square."
"Stop swirling, Homer!" Marge Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner answered "Let's go."
Homer Simpson answered "Um, Mrs. Simpson?"
Bart Simpson answered: "You should call that radio station and let 'em have it."
Bart Simpson replied "Windsong?"
Lisa Simpson responded: "You've got to start backwards! / Orange to orange! Ignore the reds! / Alternate corners! /"
Marge Simpson said: "Why are you singing that?"
"Then you visit your friend's game, and he's got this awesome candy mansion..." Homer Simpson said.
"Land ho!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "You shut up."
"Gimme the ball! Gimme the ball!", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "As long as you're doin' things for me, would you tie up your bathrobe when you walk around the house."
Homer Simpson: "Hey, nobody's prettier than my little girl."
Marge Simpson replied "But Homer, how long are we supposed to sit here and listen to you badmouth us to the Man upstairs?"
"Even after we came to school?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Let's see now... inventions... inventions...", Homer Simpson responded.
"...how Bartholomew Simpson wantonly egged this town with Milhouse aforethought." Seymour Skinner answered.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "So, I see by your tie you're a Yale man, too. Let's croon, shall we? BOOLA BOOLA / BOOLA BOOLA..."
Marge Simpson responded: "You like Shake and Bake. You used to put it in your coffee."
Bart Simpson said: "What an odd thing to say."
Homer Simpson replied: "And I know how I can knock myself out. I'll look at your bill."
"I've never been so glad to be home." Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "I love you, Dad."
"Is your baby a suckaholic?!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Morning.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"You're nuts. I've got a will of iron.", Bart Simpson replied.
"My daughter, that's who!" Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "Hi, Dad."
"How could you not tell me you were an assassin?" Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Match point, Homer."
"Mom, romance is dead. It was acquired in a hostile takeover by Hallmark and Disney. Homogenized, then sold off piece by piece.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"What kind of a party has two activities? They're just trying to confuse me." Marge Simpson answered.
"All right, Fat Tony. Your little game is over." Homer Simpson replied.
"Is this everyone?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Look, I knew private school would be expensive but I was hoping we could get a scholarship of some sort.", Marge Simpson answered.
"So, Mrs. Krabappel, you got any plans?", Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Don't worry. I just drew up a little blueprint. Now let me walk you through it."
"Son, I know you're upset because you thought you saw us on TV saying we didn't want you in our family. But those were just actors playing us." Homer Simpson responded.
"And would they pay handsomely for the privilege?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Yeah, that's the look.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Uhhhh." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Yeah, things are tough all over."
"No, Me!", Bart Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner replied "Shut up! A child is in danger under my aegis!"
Marge Simpson responded "For once we're gonna celebrate Christmas as a family."
"You call that prime rib?" Homer Simpson replied.
"You Brickyard Bimbo!", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "But I think she'll win."
"Don't wanna hit you. I want your wife.", Homer Simpson responded.
"We'll be right back.", Homer Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak said "Kay, I'm gonna apply in a week."
Moe Szyslak: "So sad."
Homer Simpson: "Uh, let's see... 18... 27... 35. Dealer busts. Looks like you all win again."
"Singer, artist, composer, director, Talking Head...", Moe Szyslak replied.
Lisa Simpson said "Dad, are you sure this isn't stealing?"
"I can't do this, Bart. I'm not strong enough." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Bees are on the what, now?" Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "Yes."
Marge Simpson answered: "Have a great day, kids. And Bart, I'll pick you up after school to take you to karate lessons."
"Oh, you." Bart Simpson responded.
"Nice rhino." Homer Simpson answered.
"You can't prove I did it." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "That one creeps me out from the beginning."
"You told me it was up to me if I wanted to go!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Sorry, Bart. I'm gonna have to sell him."
"Come on. Lick it!", Homer Simpson said.
"They're singing again. Lousy neighbors. Wish I was deaf.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "I put a slice of apple in it!"
Homer Simpson replied "Hey, boy, get crackin'! Moe upped his order to twenty balls a night!"
Lisa Simpson replied "It's Santa!"
Bart Simpson: "I'M A LITTLE TEAPOT, SHORT AND STOUT / THIS IS MY HANDLE/ THIS IS MY SPOUT... THE ITSY-BITSY SPIDER WENT UP THE WATER SPOUT, ETC..."
Marge Simpson responded "Homer, I don't think there's a problem with Bart. But if there is, it's probably because you're not spending any time with him. Goodnight."
Homer Simpson: "Oh, I hope I haven't upset you... bongo head!"
Marge Simpson answered: "Ohh."
Bart Simpson answered "Wow -- this guy could put Milhouse out of business."
"Cool, he can teach us how to kill a man with a lunch tray." Bart Simpson replied.
"Are you ready for a little after school special? Eyes front, Simpson.", Seymour Skinner replied.
"Bart, her being wet won't help me win the competition.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "You and I have shared too many seed bells to just walk away from this."
"And I did.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Ta-da!"
"Please don't make me stay, Dad! I'll do anything you say! I'll find religion! I'll be good sometimes!", Bart Simpson said.
"That's not right." Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded "Oh no, Bart blamed this on the dog! I didn't pet him for weeks! Oh, I'm sorry I doubted you, boy."
"Lis, when you get a little older you'll learn that Friday's just another day between NBC's Must-See Thursday and CBS's Saturday Night Crap-o-rama." Bart Simpson said.
"No, no Japan. Jamaica! I wanna pass the doochie on the lefthand side." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Marge! You ruined my shot!"
C. Montgomery Burns: "I'm so sick of you, Smithers. Your toadying, your complete agreeability, your gasping on the floor... Wha?!"
Bart Simpson said: "Dad, I'm kinda edgy right now. I'd appreciate you not coming in my room screaming and brandishing a butcher knife."
Ned Flanders said "It's not working! It just spreads the flame!"
"Spin the top. If it falls over, we're in reality. If it spins forever, we're still in a dream.", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "Hey, Lis. I need a favor."
"Ooh, the FutureSphere. It's what people in nineteen sixty-five imagined what life would be like in nineteen eighty-seven.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"But, Mom --", Bart Simpson said.
"That's a good suggestion, Mom.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "What if they are better for the kids than us?"
Homer Simpson said: "Oh! Whoa! Hemorrhage-amundo!"
Ned Flanders replied "Okay, let's just put it to a vote."
Marge Simpson replied "Seven hundred dollars."
Bart Simpson said "Ow! Except that one."
"Right, right. I'm countin' the pennies in the ashtray. There's two!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Caveman brow..." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Yeah."
"Now, Homer, you were about to say something to me..." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"I'll have you know she pays full price for all her watercraft!" Ned Flanders replied.
"... as a father! A father!! A regular father!! Whooh!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Here ya go. Have some more.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, how romantic!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Oh, darn, the batteries are dead.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "More bread please."
Homer Simpson responded "I'm not screwing you over. No, uh... I'm not screwing you over. I'm not screwing you over."
"Sorry. The floor's kind of at an angle here. I'm gonna move over there.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "You're not the chicken, I'm the chicken!"
"But there must be some sort..." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Where? Over there?"
Marge Simpson replied: "Hello, Homie! Dinner's almost ready! Pork chops with my secret seasoning!"
"We're not gonna get whacked. Because you're Chief Clancy Wiggum, and you're gonna figure a way out of this." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "Eggs?"
"Marge, no one is saying twelve. Nine, ten, tops. See...", Homer Simpson said.
"All right, Otto can get married here. But Homer, you have to get rid of that elephant.", Marge Simpson said.
"But first, I'll daydream about a sport utility vehicle, a crispy chicken sandwich, and a wonderful blue pill.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Breakfast!" Homer Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Great heavens! What kind of radiola show is this?"
Homer Simpson replied "I H-8 this?"
"Oh Lord, I see thou art working through thy imperfect vessel, Marge. For thou art most wise...", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "Lighten up, Lis."
"Quit throwing your garbage into our dimension." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Oh yeah. When I started this clown thing I thought it would be nothing but glory. You know, the glory of being a clown? I tell ya, it's hard, tiring work, but when I see the smiles on their little faces, I just know they're getting ready to jab me with something."
"Hey!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Oh, you poor thing..." Marge Simpson said.
"Thanks, boy." Homer Simpson answered.
"Don't worry. I'll do the legwork." Marge Simpson responded.
"Hmmm." Marge Simpson replied.
"What? What are you talking about? Clearly make sense, man. I can't understand a word you're saying. You're just babbling incoherently like some sort of...", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Why not? I remember my first after-school job. I was in a band."
"Potato chips!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh, that might be a typo."
Homer Simpson answered "Yeah, no kids to ruin it."
"Bart, sensible bites! All right Lisa. If you don't want lamb chops, there's lots of other things I can make: chicken breast, rump roast, hot dogs...", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "Drown, monster, drown!"
Homer Simpson answered "What about when we snuggle?"
Homer Simpson said: "No. I'm sorry. It's... wait a minute."
"Oh, we sure could use a pooch to guard the flock at the Flanderosa.", Ned Flanders answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Cathy Guisewite!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Well, I'm--"
"Two brothers? Bart, who is this kid?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "You ruined that pie!"
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Premix?! I beg your forgiveness, lad. Smithers! Pour it down your pants."
Lisa Simpson replied "Oh, then, at the risk of being unpopular, I think I'm gonna have to say..."
Homer Simpson responded "Nuts."
"Okay, why are we in the woods? Is this heaven?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Excuse me, has anyone seen a woman wearing..."
Lisa Simpson replied "Apparently Tim was someone who was with the general moments before he was shot right in the head."
"Now, everyone relax and pretend we're about to be hit by a soft brick wall." Homer Simpson answered.
"But I really want a pony and I've been really, really good this year." Lisa Simpson answered.
"No, I don't want-a...", Homer Simpson said.
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEAR HOMER / HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU!", Lisa Simpson said.
"No, Mom, it's very reassuring. And I've learned a great deal from this cow's heart I got at the butcher shop." Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "Get the camera ready, Bart very seepy."
C. Montgomery Burns responded "No, he's out getting a spray-on tan. He comes back orange and stains the furniture -- the man's a walking creamsicle!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh, my head. How long have I been out here?"
"I don't understand you." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "You're trying to get me angry, thank you."
Marge Simpson answered: "See you later, kids. Ah've got to go rehearse with Ned."
Homer Simpson: "Move along there."
"Sorry, this old timer does ramble on sometimes, don't he?", Bart Simpson replied.
"What are you kids playing?", Marge Simpson responded.
"He started it! He did Punch Buggy first!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson: "Please? Thank you."
"I said, all of them.", Bart Simpson said.
"Well, well look who showed his face. The louse who sold out his only friend. You've got a lot of nerve comin' here... but since you did, what'll it be? First one's on the house." Moe Szyslak replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Grampa, I gotta tell ya, she's a stone-cold hoochie."
"Homer, stop that. I believe him." Marge Simpson replied.
"Oh.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Listen, Moe. I did something really terrible to someone I love."
"Are you all right?", Marge Simpson replied.
"What was that last one?" Homer Simpson said.
"THIS GROWN-UP MAKEOVER / HAS MADE ME A SUPER-TWEEN / FOR THEY ARE MY PEOPLE / AND I AM THEIR QUEEN!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Whoa, take that, Granny! Oh, hide in the closet. Oh no, deadly mothballs."
"Beautiful, aren't they?", Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "Excuse me..."
"That's my boy!", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"That's sweet.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Better technology doesn't mean better storytelling.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "I can't go back to living on the surface world! I can't!"
"Mm-hm. What about clay? You got any problem with clay?" Marge Simpson replied.
"A talking bear is eating my father!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Everyone okay?" Homer Simpson said.
"But if you quit, it'll be like an expert knot-tier quitting a knot-tying contest right in the middle of tying a knot!", Bart Simpson replied.
"Why you little... I'll teach you to make medical history!" Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "I guess you're right, Principal Tamzarian."
"He's a baby with wings!", Marge Simpson responded.
"I'm just glad everyone is having the best week of their lives." Bart Simpson replied.
"WHEN THE JAZZMAN'S TESTI-FYIN' A FAITHLESS MAN BELIEVES / HE CAN SING YOU INTO PARADISE / OR BRING YOU TO YOUR KNEES / JAZZMAN, TAKE MY BLUES AWAY ...", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Oh, fair enough.", Ned Flanders replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "Listen, Mr. Hobo. You may not have laundry to wash, but I do. Now what do you want to show me?"
"Ohhh, it's so cozy." Marge Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak answered: "Hey Buck, Buck! Buck, it's me, the weird guy from the stadium!"
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "But... what will I do?"
"Pretty cool. But now, whaddaya say we go do something we'll both enjoy?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Uh... I meant, my number one girl."
Bart Simpson said: "WE WISH YOU A MERRY CHRISTMAS / WE WISH YOU A MERRY CHRISTMAS / WE WISH..."
"I need you to drive me to the doctor, Homer." Marge Simpson replied.
"Yes! The prayer I forgot to say has been answered.", Homer Simpson responded.
"I'm just a Q without a U." Ned Flanders said.
Homer Simpson answered "Cheer up, boy. We'll get you their most vicious street cur! He'll bite your ass raw!"
Bart Simpson said "Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Loser! Nyah-nyah-nyah-nyah-nyah!"
"Hey, wait. I saw that Lost in Space movie. You are not Doctor Smith.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Lisa, I don't like this at all.", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "For what?"
"Ah, ah, folks, I've just discovered something about this statue that uh, may disappoint you. You see..." Ned Flanders answered.
Homer Simpson: "Damn right."
"Angry nut coming through.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Thank God!" Marge Simpson said.
"Homer!" Marge Simpson said.
"No, no! That won't scare anybody. On the top!", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "It ain't over till the fat lady sings."
Homer Simpson replied "Quiet! You're missing the jokes!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Stole? How is counting cards stealing?"
"I'm going to have these things on my arms forever!" Homer Simpson said.
"Financial panther, eh?", Homer Simpson said.
"Tween-lit gang-write. But this Babar needs a Zephyr.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Here we go."
"Bo-ring!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "This can only be good."
"So what prize did you end up getting?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Next, I'll tell you the origin of Maggie's pacifier."
"Wait, these are just guys from school. Who's next? Ralph Wiggum?", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Sure, boy. What's on your mind?"
"Well, I bet he can't resist this.", Bart Simpson responded.
"I'll bet you really hate Rex Banner, huh?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Homie, I know this shouldn't bother me, but a girl only has one first love. I guess it didn't mean that much to you." Marge Simpson answered.
"Why, ladies? Why?!" Bart Simpson said.
"Why are all cars black or grey now? It's like if you see a red one, it's a big deal.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Wow, that looks great, Mom. Some of your best work.", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "Finally, a Simpson has a trophy without a bowling ball on it."
"Hey, I'm the visionary. You come up with the nuts and bolts.", Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "I'll catch up with you guys in a little bit."
Homer Simpson said "We couldn't do both."
"Marge! What are you doing? Are you insane?!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Can you believe Flanders threw out a perfectly good toothbrush?" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Fellow workers, I've been meeting with Mr. Burns day and night and I've had enough."
Lisa Simpson said: "Right, 'cause I wouldn't want to be gay like my heroes Billie Jean King, Susan Sontag, Sappho of Lesbos, and, I suspect, Peppermint Patty..."
"Well..." Marge Simpson said.
"Come on, Lisa, try and see this from the OmniTouch Corporation's point of view.", Homer Simpson said.
"I know that's funny, but I'm just not laughing." Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Three, two, one, pull!"
Seymour Skinner responded: "Yeah, just try me you--"
Bart Simpson responded: "You know why these clothes are on sale, Mom? Because the people who wear them get beaten up."
"Awesome! I'm blasting all the state capitals! Take that, Salem, Oregon!" Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "I'll say. Wasn't it great? And the question mark leaves the door open for a sequel."
Marge Simpson: "Will you stop acting so jealous?"
"Hey! No abbreviations!", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded: "MANY PEOPLE IN THIS TOWN / SING LIKE WE DO / THERE'S MISTER BURNS, THERE'S KRUSTY, AND EVEN APU."
"Pennsylvania Avenue. I wanna buy a house.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Who are you donating them to?"
"What the-- You can't open your own bar!" Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Arrgh!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Salt of the earth."
Marge Simpson replied "Homer, this is all your fault. If you hadn't plugged in your dancing Santa, none of this would have happened."
"Fine.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Everyone but me.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "And his last wife, Eartha Kitt, recorded this before her untimely death."
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Excellent speech. Just excellent. I no longer wish to build my magnificent new basketball stadium."
Homer Simpson responded "/ THOSE EYES ARE GEMS BEYOND APPRAISAL / STUNNING SHADE OF PUREST... Oh, what is it?! I was so close! Let's see, what rhymes with appraisal: basil, nasal -- none of these are colors! Oh, it's hopeless! She'll never love me again."
Lisa Simpson answered "Dad, you're driving on an ancient Roman aqueduct!"
Homer Simpson answered "Uh, yeah. I've always said the boy could use more confidence."
Bart Simpson answered "Rest in peace, pal."
"Easy does it now... easy... little more... yea... right... that's the spot... ooah!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"It's okay Dad, I can fill in for Nelson." Bart Simpson responded.
"Ah, you mean like I'm dead? Yeah, sure.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Now, I'll get my Mom and Dad's attention, and you shove the dummy in the water. Any questions?", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "I didn't mean for this to happen, but... you were stealing."
"Sure. Once upon a time, in a far-off kingdom--" Lisa Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner replied "Quite so! Just take a look at her yearbook."
"Yes. Now I'd like to ask each child to pair up with a buddy, so no one gets lost.", Seymour Skinner responded.
"It's some sort of hideous monster." Ned Flanders answered.
"No, Homie! It's too dangerous!" Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Publish it myself? Why not? I could put out a whole newspaper dedicated to the rock. I'd be a publisher, just like Katherine Graham!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Oh, that is cool. Looks like two snakes trying to kill each other on your head."
Homer Simpson answered: "Hello. Aw. It's a boy... And what a boy."
"You do that." Homer Simpson answered.
"Wait Bart! Maybe the library has another book that'll reverse the spell." Lisa Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns said "7-G?! Let the Lennys and the Carls of the world waste their wretched lives in that testicle-shriveling torture chamber. Son, you'll be working in... Sector 6-F!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Second class? What about Social Security, bus discounts, Medic-Alert jewelry, Gold Bond powder, pants all the way up to your armpits, and all those other senior perks? Oh, if you ask me, old folks have it pretty sweet."
Bart Simpson answered "Hey, this is good stuff."
"What kind of kiss did you get?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "All right, all right, I'll be right there!"
Marge Simpson replied: "I'll catch up to you."
Marge Simpson replied "Actually, we pay them for each peach we take home."
Marge Simpson answered "That's it, Honey. Get into the spirit."
Bart Simpson said: "Okay, but when I grow up and I'm living on your couch, and I drink all your booze, and sell your jewelry, you gotta be cool."
Homer Simpson responded "I'll be right home, honey. I've just got to lock down the reactor for the evening."
Bart Simpson said: "Just a sec."
Lisa Simpson replied "Mom, Dad, my spiritual quest is over..."
"Now they did say bed and breakfast, right?" Homer Simpson responded.
"I should be resisting this, but I'm paralyzed with rage... and island rhythms." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"The Flanderses are not geeks! Okay, Rod and Todd are... and the wife has a thing for me, but she hides it behind a mask of low key hostility. But we've got to give this thing a chance. I want the two families to take a trip together this weekend." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "I'll throw myself out, thank you."
"It's a snuggle dungeon!", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Why are you doing this to me, booze? I drank every kind of you!"
"Up-bup-bup-bup." Homer Simpson replied.
"Well, I've had it! You rich snobs aren't pushin' us around anymore!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "This was due two weeks ago! I'm not insured! For the first time in my life I'm financially responsible for my own actions!"
Homer Simpson responded "See, I got this friend named... Joey Joe Joe Junior... Schabadoo."
Ned Flanders said "That's right. And like any man, I put on my secret Christian underpants one leg at a time."
"Hey Milhouse, want a turn pulling my rickshaw?" Bart Simpson answered.
"We'll never be able to swim that far.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Why you, listen to me you...", Homer Simpson said.
"Well, I've put it off, but today I'm finally getting this garage organized--" Homer Simpson answered.
"I'm not wearing a hat!", Marge Simpson said.
"In a minute!", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Six a.m. -- still early enough to sneak into bed and pretend I actually got home at three a.m."
Homer Simpson: "You just cost me two hundred thousand dollars!"
"Yes. But knowing that Lisa chose me as her hero... without ever considering any other hero... keeps me strong." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "That sounds like Homer."
"One cheese cube couldn't hurt.", Homer Simpson said.
"The man has no idea how to behave like a billionaire. Where's the dignity? Where's the contempt for the common man?", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Lisa Simpson said "I know, and the crowd is so distinguished. The inventor of the walkie-talkie is out there."
"Time to try out my new deep fryer." Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "We're trying to uncover a hidden trauma in my Dad's childhood."
"And I want Funzo's dream fortress, Funzo's lower-back-pain chair, Funzo's European voltage converter..." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Goodnight."
Homer Simpson replied: "I used to take out ads like that when we were newlyweds."
"Maybe a satellite picture will give us a clue.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "I'm more than okay!..."
Marge Simpson responded "I don't think it's a good idea to humiliate your boss on his birthday."
Homer Simpson said "Kids, I've only had three great ideas: marrying your mother, using a hot dog as a straw, and this romantic train ride anniversary. Sir, I need this train!"
"Simpson? Simpson?", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"You're fired!", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Please, can I get it, Marge? Please? Please?"
Lisa Simpson said "Well, I'm gonna be a famous jazz musician. I've got it all figured out. I'll be unappreciated in my own country, but my gutsy blues stylings will electrify the French. I'll avoid the horrors of drug abuse, but I do plan to have several torrid love affairs. And I may or may not die young, I haven't decided."
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Actually, son, it's a big, ugly Olmec Indian head. It was carved by Meso-American Indians over 3,000 years ago. This gruesome customer is Xt'tapalatakettle, the god of war."
"Hmm, he's a worthy foe. Look at him, Smithers. Exercising away while the others are off at the candy machine." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Let me think about it. No.", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "They had to feed you through a tube."
Homer Simpson said: "We sold it, didn't we?"
Marge Simpson said: "All I wanted was to glue feathers on felt and teach the boys good citizenship. And now it's a donnybrook!"
Marge Simpson said: "He's right."
Homer Simpson answered "Cool."
"Now that's religion.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "On a Miami Dolphins helmet the little dolphin is also wearing a helmet."
"Well, Marge," Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh and that sauce, Barney. I could have drunk a bowl of it by itself! No Barney, that's just my sister-in-law.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "Yeah, but you shouldn't have to settle. You know, I've always loved the house you're in now."
Marge Simpson said "You work at the nuclear plant."
"No I don't." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Yeah, you're right."
"This is so sad. Can we help her?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "You're so busy thinking up crazy ways to punish people, you can't see how much I love my kids."
"And that's what really happened." Bart Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders said: "O-kay."
Marge Simpson said "Sweetie, I've been waiting to hear you say that for so long. Although you could've waited till morning..."
Bart Simpson responded: "Dad, it was an empty building. It was supposed to come down!"
Marge Simpson replied: "I don't think we're doing this right."
Homer Simpson replied "All right. Stay calm. Remember your training."
Bart Simpson responded: "If I know my sister, and unfortunately I do, she probably ran off to some lame-o make-believe castle."
"The next exhibit in our ghoulish gallery is entitled...The school bus!? Oh oh... They must mean the ghoul bus.", Bart Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "I wanted to give you something to remember me by. I know you've always had your eye on this photo of Elvis and me."
Homer Simpson: "Now practice preening to the crowd, El Guapo."
"Hop in, boy! We'll show your mother our god kicks her god's butt." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "I think it is so cool what you are doing. So what's the gag? You put ex-lax in the cookies, then just sit back and watch the fireworks?"
Ned Flanders said "Well sir, I'm opening a one-stop store for Southpaws. Everything from left-handed apple peelers to left-handed zithers. I'm gonna call it the Leftorium."
Homer Simpson responded "Wow honey, eating dinner downstairs is great! Isn't it, kids?"
Bart Simpson answered: "I think we should get a machine gun. We could use it to hunt game, spell out things, or ring in the new year!"
Marge Simpson answered "Well, nobody's perfect. Let me just pick those out."
"And my dream is to someday wear a real wetsuit instead of one that is just painted on." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Dweeb, wonk, spaz... it's all good."
Marge Simpson said "Dear Purveyors of Senseless Violence: I know this may sound silly at first..."
"Aw, come on. If you're really Michael Jackson, who were your last four dates for the Grammys?", Bart Simpson responded.
"Bart, your museum took in over three thousand dollars!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Goodbye, cruel world."
Bart Simpson responded: "I'll get right on it."
"No. It's Elon. I don't care how much he likes me, I don't wanna be friends with him anymore. None of his pie in the sky ideas ever work out. Sky pies are lie pies! Of all the planets in the universe, why did he have to come to this one?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Maggie! Maggie!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "You broke it!"
Marge Simpson replied "And now it's too late -- they're here. Bart, greet our guests and take their coats."
"Aw, I hate this place! Why am I here?!", Homer Simpson said.
"Snowball!" Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "My first gray hair!"
"Souvenir." Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, this game could mean big things for me, Marge. If I beat Mr. Burns, I mean really wallop him bad... I'm sure to get that big raise I've been gunning for.", Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner said "Remain calm. There is a dog in the vents."
"Now wait, Homer." Marge Simpson responded.
"Please be kind." Homer Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders replied "Okely-dokely."
Marge Simpson said "I found some food for breakfast. I hope everyone likes the red things that grow on this tree."
"I gotta have that mini-bike!", Bart Simpson responded.
"What? I have great ass suction. Now how 'bout a little privacy?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Yeah, but first I talked to the engineer. He said there's a procedure for dealing with events of this nature."
"Ooh, look! A welcome mat that tells you your weight!", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "Why don't you just chase the beavers away?"
Lisa Simpson replied "Ugh, those morons make me so angry."
"Just an innocuous little symbol like a smiley face or a like an I.O.U." Homer Simpson said.
"If I didn't, I'd lose their respect." Homer Simpson responded.
"Dad, you didn't even say ouch.", Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Yes!"
"Ooh! Lemme guess. Skinner's mother. She sure knows how to swing it." Homer Simpson answered.
"That's Latin, Dad. The language of Plutarch." Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "Yes, I will."
Homer Simpson answered: "What the?!"
"I can't see! I'll have to steer by the reflection in my watch!", Homer Simpson answered.
"If I knew this would take so long, I'd'a put on the TV." Moe Szyslak responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "Homer, did you know he was in the pile?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Good one, boy."
"...and, finally, the little spot under your nose. Next, we take some toilet paper, tear off some teensy little squares, and stick one there, and there, and any place you're bleeding. There and there. Don't worry, the blood will hold it right on your face. Now, some aftershave." Homer Simpson said.
"Barbershop! That ain't been popular since aught six, dagnabit!" Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "But, Homer..."
Homer Simpson said: "Wow! That's service!"
"Well, a paperweight would be nice, but what I really need is a computer. How about that one?" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Marge, Lisa, Lady -- If you'll excuse me, I've got something very important to attend to."
Bart Simpson responded "Goodnight, Krusty. Sorry about your dad."
Homer Simpson responded: "Why did this happen? Whyyyyyy?"
"Let's see... according to your charts, you're due for your annual throat scraping." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "I had become diabetic from drinking too many Frappuccinos."
Marge Simpson said: "Bart, get your suit on."
Homer Simpson: "Hug! Hug! Hug!"
"Thank you, Bill Cosby, you saved the Simpsons!", Homer Simpson said.
"Lousy burns so ungrateful, I hate him so much..." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Really?"
"Oh, righty-o. One betting disk please." Ned Flanders answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Oh, okay. I thought you were puttin' him down."
"When Krusty wants to he can still blow 'em away." Lisa Simpson responded.
"I'm for equal rights. But do we really need a whole amendment?" Marge Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Henry Ford! Good to see you. As healthy and vibrant as Detroit itself."
Bart Simpson said: "Let's take a ride. I got a place with a view."
Bart Simpson replied: "Way to go Dad. Hey, where's the food?"
Marge Simpson replied "And Maggie gets a shirt, too!"
Homer Simpson answered "No, don't kill me! I didn't know there was film in that camera in that hat! I was unaware! I WAS UNAWAAARE!"
"Praise the Lord, I can walk again! What, my foot fell asleep." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "WHAT EVERYTHING'S BEEN BUILDING TOOOO /"
Lisa Simpson answered: "I'll name her Princess and I'll ride her every day."
Marge Simpson responded: "Well, he's down to two beers in the shower..."
Homer Simpson said "Lisa, I know what's going on here. They did it to Jesus and now they're doing it to me."
Homer Simpson answered "How long have I been playing?"
"Oh, man." Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "Let's call the company."
"Yes." Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "Really? Well, what do you call that thing on the branch?"
"I never apologize, Lisa. I'm sorry, but that's just the way I am.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "I'm sorry all right! Sorry I came back here!"
Lisa Simpson replied "You gotta give her up."
"Dad, did you see anything provocative in today's paper?" Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "All right, but remember it's mine."
"Fine." Bart Simpson answered.
"Eww, Dad, this is blood." Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied "Please! I went through my T.R. phase in first grade. Now I realize that the greatest Roosevelt is Franklin."
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, here we go."
"Yeah. It seems like our house, but everything's got a creepy Pat Boone-ish quality to it." Lisa Simpson replied.
"That's a wonderful thing you did for my sisters." Marge Simpson said.
"I can't believe you're gambling." Lisa Simpson responded.
"So... you're saying this fish might have an advantage over other fish. It may, in fact, be a kind of super fish!" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Isn't that nice? Take a message. Right now I'm off to hit forty-six local merchants for free birthday goods and services.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Oh my God. Oh my God. This counts as a walk!"
"Well, you always miss when you throw your underpants at the hamper!", Marge Simpson said.
"Any chance I could see you again?", Ned Flanders replied.
"I'm the president and the decision is mine. We're Hell's Satans. Besides, I've already made our club jackets.", Homer Simpson said.
"Grampa, no stories! You can come with us, or sit here on the shark bench.", Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson: "When will all those fools learn that you can be perfectly healthy simply eating vegetables, fruits, grains, and cheese?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Isn't there like a pound where you can pick up cheap ponies that ran away from home?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, that. I stuck a couple of extra legs on there 'cause I kept tipping over when I was trying to invent stuff."
"But Marge, look at the little guy!" Homer Simpson said.
"Oh man, I would love to pirate that.", Bart Simpson said.
"Homie, read this." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "No more reality shows for us. Let's watch some quality scripted television."
"Sort of!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Unkink the hose!"
"I'm not allowed to discuss that with fourth graders. Fifth grade, you get every dirty detail." Seymour Skinner replied.
"I have to admit, I'll miss having him around.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"They're coming for-- What's your name?" Bart Simpson answered.
"Nice try, Mr. Flanders, but I've got a story so scary you'll wet your pants.", Bart Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak answered "Yeah! Do that!"
"That Ralph Wiggum boy. He's a real winner." Marge Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Excellent."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Wow, the TV's hooked up to the internet! You can stream whole seasons of old TV shows."
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Well, take your mind off contaminates for one night and have a hot dog."
"It is, 'cause my baby's not in it!" Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said "I wish I'd gotten to know you better, Dad. But there were times when we really connected."
"Hey, let's go! Emergency! Life-or-death here!", Homer Simpson responded.
"But there's no reason we can't dance, dance, dance the night away." Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, their school system's the best. Their auditorium and their gym are two different rooms!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Ah, my high school yearbook...", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "My dad's always been so angry. Maybe if we help him be who he is, he'll finally be happy."
Homer Simpson answered: "Mr. Burns, I insist that we cheat!"
Marge Simpson said "Lumbar! It means lower back. How many times will you make that mistake?"
"I engaged in intercourse with your spouse or significant other. Now that's psychiatry! Eh? Eh?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Nice tux, Moe." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Which one?"
Bart Simpson said: "Hey, where's your candy?"
"Now listen. I'm bringing Michael Jackson home to stay with us for a few days... Isn't that cute -- he's heard of you! Now, make sure we have plenty of cold cuts, and put some beer on ice." Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner said: "So, Mr. Lassen, you began your career at Shelbyville Prep."
"Your devotion to scholarship is a shining beacon to all who--" Seymour Skinner answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Oh, all right, let me talk to them. Put me on with the lead boy."
"Not this! Anything but this!" Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Ugh... oh... umph... Oh, Smithers, guide me in."
Bart Simpson answered: "Sideshow Bob! I'm only ten and I already got two mortal enemies."
"The only dangerous amount is none!" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "Uh, Dad..."
"Eh, I've had a good run.", Homer Simpson replied.
"...so they need a place to stay. Here." Marge Simpson said.
"Woo hoo!" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Oh, my."
Homer Simpson said "Heh, heh, heh. Tremendous."
Marge Simpson replied: "Oh, I don't think Mr. Burns would like that show."
"Ooh, marriage!", Marge Simpson answered.
"Honeymooners -- no kids, no worries.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Dad, we need to have a talk." Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Milhouse? Is that you?"
"No, I won't accept that." Homer Simpson replied.
"Wha...?!" Homer Simpson said.
"Lisa, I think you're going to fit in just fine around here.", Seymour Skinner said.
"I am?", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "That's great, let me run the numbers because I really want the Simpson account. And give these cigars to your children."
"This is it, Marge. I poured my heart and soul into this business, and now it's finally paying off! We're rich! Richer than astronauts!" Homer Simpson said.
"A gutter cleaning coupon?", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "I wanted them till I got them! But this year I'm gettin' my dirt bike."
Homer Simpson answered "Hi, Homer Simpson. Mind if I sit near your son? Mine sucks."
"...I want you to have a fun night doing guy stuff. Don't worry about me, I'll be fine." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Why you little..."
"Oh. Hi Dad." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Dinner time! I know you're hungry! I can hear you rubbing your legs together! Oh my God!"
Lisa Simpson answered "I'm a freakin' Buddhist! A Buddhist!"
Homer Simpson answered "I bet you could afford it, though."
Homer Simpson responded: "Ow! Oh! Call work and tell 'em I won't be in tomorrow."
"I really appreciate your taking such an interest in me, Dad.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Oh, Bart, thank you so, so much!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Hey, Homer! Check it out!"
"Okay Bart, we've got a lot of work to do on that car. So, I'm gonna pull you out of school for the next couple of weeks...", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "No."
"Don't worry, I'll help her out. I remember how hard it was to be an outsider. Always trying to fit in... never quite feeling like...", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "All right, Dolphins!"
"Marge, I know this is ill-gotten, but can we use it to..." Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, hello Homer." Marge Simpson said.
"No, they might escape and breed. The law is very clear on this: they must be exterminated as quickly and as gruesomely as possible.", Seymour Skinner replied.
Homer Simpson responded "You mean, I'm on my own? I've never been on my own. Oh no! On own! On own! I need help. Oh, God help me! Help me, God!"
Ned Flanders replied: "No foot-longs!"
Homer Simpson said "Oh, goodbye, old girl. We've had a lot of great memories."
"Bart! Did you kill that poor bird?" Marge Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak answered: "Ah, she got homesick for her old life, diving for tourist pennies in a Micronesian swamp."
"Interesting attitude for a janitor. What say we make you the new supervisor of Sector 7-G?!", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
C. Montgomery Burns: "What in blazes? Who is that old geezer? And what has he done with Homer Simpson?"
"I think we should do a test." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Ach! It was that darn recording again!" Ned Flanders said.
"Hmm. This one's done in different handwriting." Marge Simpson replied.
"Uh, I dunno. But lucky for you somebody here is responsible.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "That's not an FBI badge."
"Hey, it'll be easy. You've still got most of the stuff from Apu's wedding back there." Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "Bart, there's one left and it's mine!"
"All right, the first thing they told me to do is make sure everyone here is in the right class." Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, this is a parent's worst nightmare! They've stolen a car and they're home alone.", Homer Simpson said.
"I am in your power.", Bart Simpson said.
"What about now?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Ah, Ziggy... will you ever win?" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Not half as good as cyberfudge."
"No, Chief, Bob's innocent! It's the truth!" Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Who does Nelson think he's impressing, anyway, acting so cool all the time?"
"Uh, Dad?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Mmm! Cursive!"
Lisa Simpson answered "Mom, I need more O.J."
Homer Simpson answered "Into the playpen, sweetie. And if you get hungry, there's lobster!"
"Dad, don't act like Mussolini!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "I was trying to gnaw my foot off, but I couldn't get through my sock. Goodnight everybody."
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Sorry, offer's expired. I guess we'll just have to let the jury decide, twelve good men and true. Good day. Smithers, release the hounds."
Lisa Simpson replied "Make it snappy, Milhouse. I've got an important meeting in the teachers' lounge."
"I cheated!", Lisa Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns said "All right, then. Uh, how about this?"
"Awww...", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "Ooh, that's a great idea."
"You know, Mom and Dad are almost forty, and Bart is ten. That means you didn't have him until way after high school.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"No, no, just give them each a nickel and send them to Moe's. Let them while away the afternoon spilling their beer on gullets and trousers whilst drooling over French postcards." C. Montgomery Burns said.
Bart Simpson said: "We're not going to a Grammar Rodeo! That was just an alibi, Milton!!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Why can't you support my gibberish? I'd do it if you were stupid!"
Homer Simpson answered: "...Badge of honor."
"Uh, kids... don't forget about our special plans Saturday night.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Allll right, I hear ya, honey. Change into something nice. We're steppin' out!", Homer Simpson said.
"I hope Maggie and the boys are all right." Lisa Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak responded "Now, promise me you'll leave her be, and wipe down your back seats annually..."
Bart Simpson: "Yes, I do. You seem so damn sure."
Homer Simpson responded: "No, she's not."
Homer Simpson replied: "Yes I do. Under chapter thirteen of the fiscal code, an individual whose debts exceed his assets may file for bankruptcy, thus protecting said assets."
Homer Simpson answered: "How many grades does this school have?"
Homer Simpson responded: "In the impulse zone. If you want to be like me, you gotta make snap decisions. Like this."
"So you're saying..." Bart Simpson replied.
"It'll be a long time before your Mother gets back with the tire, so why don't I tell you more of the story? Now that we had a name, the Be Sharps needed a hit. Something new, something exciting, something mid-1980's...", Homer Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders responded: "Advice? Just call me Ann Flanders!"