"Am I ever!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Hmmm. So... is it okay if I go to the women's conference with Chloe?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Really? Uh, sure.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Sounds great.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Danica Patrick in my thoughts!"
C. Montgomery Burns: "Trust me, he'll say it, or I'll bust him down to Thursday night vespers."
"Gimme that torch." Lisa Simpson said.
"No! No, I've got a lot more mothering left in me!", Marge Simpson said.
"Oh, Homie, I don't care if you're a billionaire. I love you just because you're..." Marge Simpson said.
"Damn you, e-Bay!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Ned's run off into the desert!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Can't you see the difference between earning something honestly and getting it by fraud?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "And then he said he didn't want a twin because they'd just fight."
Homer Simpson said "Roadrunners are real!"
"I can see that down deep is a decent man.", Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "I'm saying this is worse than a million A-minuses!"
"Oh, quick, Homer! Which way do we turn--?" Ned Flanders replied.
Homer Simpson said "But it's my burger."
Homer Simpson said: "I guess I'll never find her."
Homer Simpson replied "No, I didn't... I... Oh, you mean inside, don't you?"
Lisa Simpson said "This is just two years ago!"
Lisa Simpson answered "I'll see you later."
"Ooh, lemon. That'll stop the cherry." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "But I'm not Homer Simpson..."
Bart Simpson replied: "Krusty!"
"Yeah, a lifetime of memories." Homer Simpson said.
"Yeah. No problem.", Moe Szyslak said.
"Well, when horses poop, they don't stop. They just keep walking.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Huh?" Bart Simpson said.
"Nooo!", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "IT'S A DESPERATE CRIMINAL / ON THE RUN FROM THE LAW / PLEASE SPARE MY CHILDREN!"
"Curling is real." Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Just lean into it. It'll be over soon, one way or another."
Homer Simpson said "Professor Pigskin told me to bet on the Raiders but they look awful."
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Well those are my ideas! You people don't think, you regurgitate. That's why I promoted someone who's in touch with the workers. You!"
"Homer! If Maggie really doesn't want to leave the house maybe she should just stay with you.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Hi Ned. Where are the boys?", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "Homie, please be all right."
"Hello, Principal Skinner." Marge Simpson replied.
"Rocks... shatter... jagged cliff... Lis, you've just given me an idea for the most insane, hair-brained, fool-proof scheme ever!", Bart Simpson said.
"We've all read the terms and conditions, Milhouse." Bart Simpson answered.
"Get it off! Get it off! Get it offf!!", Homer Simpson said.
"Then why are you hiding?" Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "What? So you can also get famous and bail on us? You're out of the band!"
"Hey, I've had a hard trip too. One of the lenses fell out of my sunglasses.", Homer Simpson replied.
"So-ho, the rats seem happy." Homer Simpson responded.
"My friends...", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "I'm getting a cramp in my wrist!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Say it!"
Bart Simpson answered "Can I join?"
Homer Simpson said "Aw thanks, Marge. But it'll take a lot more than that to comfort this tortured soul."
"Let's go now... Sa-winggg, batter!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Marge, it's so great to have the whole family together under one roof. I never realized how much I missed it. Listen to the murmurs in the next room. The house is full of life again."
"Dad, you tried your best. For the first time in my life I can say, without being drunk, that I truly admire you.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "I'm gonna get there early, so I can get in good with the lunch truck guy."
"Well, it's somewhere! It didn't just get up and walk away!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Come to papa!", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh no."
Bart Simpson said "Really? Okay."
Bart Simpson answered "It was an accident! I didn't mean to kill our ants."
Homer Simpson said "One hundred dollars!"
"Drive all the way... get the wrong elf... ain't no glass... I'll show 'em -- I'll buy ten more gallons of their stupid gas!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Don't mind if I do." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "The greatest fight ever and I missed it."
"Please say it's the vegetarianism!" Marge Simpson answered.
"It's not what you think!", Marge Simpson responded.
"I'm the one that kept Homer from comin' home... 'cause... uh, well, I was lonely.", Moe Szyslak said.
Ned Flanders replied "I never thought otherwise."
"Just gimme a minute. But feel free to go nuts on me." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "What's wrong with your teeter-totter?"
Bart Simpson said: "Yup."
Homer Simpson said "We'll say it's all our birthdays!"
Lisa Simpson responded "There, there, Rabbi. It's not too late."
Homer Simpson responded: "No, Lisa. The only monster here is the gambling monster that has enslaved your mother. I call him Gamblor. And it's time to snatch your mother from his neon claws."
Homer Simpson said: "Flancrest Enterprises?"
"That's nice." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Oh, so you're a Bart woman, are you?"
"Corporate jet?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Whaaa?!" Lisa Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "That's it. That's it. Come closer..."
"Hey, Troy Aikman!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh hello, Mrs. Pennycandy.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Biatch? Moi?", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "Here, take this. My daughter didn't want the lunch I made."
"I'll be back for tall kitchen bags!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Okay. I'm sorry, too." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Okay, here we go..."
"Why you cagey ol' dog.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Where I should've been all along...", Homer Simpson said.
"I've never been so miserable in all my life. But I can't take it out on Marge and the kids. I've got to carry the burden all by myself." Homer Simpson answered.
"Apu, you shoulda seen your face when they showed you those babies.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Isn't that a little big?" Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Don't worry. Everything is fine. What the hell is that?"
"Well, the drug company won't do anything to help us.", Marge Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak responded "You calling her repellant?"
"How could you let this happen?" Marge Simpson answered.
"Hey, everybody, look! Armin Tamzarian's back and he's gonna take over the school again!" Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders answered: "I walked right into that one."
Homer Simpson: "No one."
Moe Szyslak replied "Oh, yeah. Who's their Egor Glumov?"
"Shall we say ten?" Bart Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak replied "Eh, well, you can't. Your tolerance is too high."
Bart Simpson answered "So what am I supposed to do exactly?"
"Homer, you know my parents, Capri and Nedward." Ned Flanders said.
"What I want can't be bought at any store." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Thank you! Thank you! But there was someone else with me on that alley. I'm talkin' about the big man, Carl.", Homer Simpson said.
"My name is Moe Szyslak, and I'm here to elect me!" Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson: "I mean it made me feel bad. The poor thing ends up being hauled to the nut house when all she needed was for that big slob to show her some respect. At least that's what I thought. I have a history of missing the point of stuff like this."
"Well, you're closing. It's getting late. My kids are probably wondering where their daddy is. There's gotta be some other place we can go. Think, Moe. Think.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Wait a minute... that guy on the poster looks familiar."
"Why, you clattering clank of.... My dear lady, as you well know my back is a disaster area. D'oh the pain! D'oh the pain of it all!" Homer Simpson answered.
"What'd I do?" Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "I'll never forget you."
"Maybe you'd like to give it a try?", Seymour Skinner responded.
"Hey, this maze is made of corn!" Homer Simpson answered.
"My only fear is, I always sabotage myself when I'm on the verge of happiness.", Lisa Simpson said.
Ned Flanders replied: "Twenty? Homer, I paid three hundred dollars for this just last year."
Homer Simpson: "I can't wait for the reviews!"
Homer Simpson answered: "I know that. How much to fix it?"
Bart Simpson said "I'M GOING TO THE OS-CARS! NOT AS A SEAT FILL-ER! I'LL GET A GIFT BAS-KET! BUT I WON'T DE-CLARE IT!"
"I've found a way we can pay for the operation." Marge Simpson said.
"I wish my dates were this interesting." Seymour Skinner answered.
"Conductor, get ready to play my song!" Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "They've run away!"
Lisa Simpson said: "Wow, the Truth in Boardwalking Law has really done a number on this place."
"How many times were you president, George?" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "America, take a good look at your beloved candidates! They're nothing but hideous space reptiles!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Tomorrow's? I hadn't thought about publishing more."
"That's what we've been trying to tell you.", Homer Simpson said.
"Especially when we send it to him piece by piece.", Homer Simpson answered.
"I move we reconsider our club name. Make it something a little less blasphemous. After all we don't want to go to Hell.", Ned Flanders answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "Aww, just like her mommy, Maggie Senior. So, what did everyone do today?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Hmmm... the sea won't stand for this."
Homer Simpson answered: "Ayyyy! Ohhhh! Ayyyy! Ohhhh!"
Marge Simpson said: "That's not how a family vacation works. We do things together while your father has fun without us."
"How can we afford any of these private schools? They're all so expensive. If we want to throw good money after bad, why don't we just get Grampa that new pacemaker?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Guess what, boy. Last night I towed your principal's car." Homer Simpson responded.
"I hope T-Rex likes the present I made him.", Homer Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders said: "Ohhh, that's a nice thought, Toddy, but to build an amusement park you need lots of money, and manpower, and turnstiles..."
"What? She's hilarious." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Hey, I'd rather live in a dump than in a world run by snooty garbage men."
"Now kids, instead of candy, I thought I'd serve an array of healthy fresh fruits.", Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "You didn't vote for anybody."
Lisa Simpson said: "The people of my tribe lived in harmony with the land."
"Look at Grampa and Selma frolicking in the water." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "You're glad? You don't look glad. Are you sure you know what glad means?"
"I just know we're gonna be friends forever." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "You said it, ya weirdo."
"Come on out, birdie! Follow the sound of my voice-voice-voice.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Aw, to hell with him!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "C'mon, kids. Let's try the lights!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Maarge. I think Bart's gone crazy!"
"No.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Everyone just act cool. If anyone asks, tell them we're plumbers... and then start plumbing until they go away."
Homer Simpson said: "Son, let this be a lesson: never work hard and don't form emotional attachments. Also, don't be a cow."
"What are you lookin' at?", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "He sure is -- if he can keep up with these party animals!"
"Oh my. The room looks so bare." Ned Flanders answered.
"I didn't see you come in.", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "Honey..."
Bart Simpson responded "Yeah, without the sun, my hair's reverting to its natural red."
"Who? Wait a minute, who's that?" Bart Simpson replied.
"Mom?", Lisa Simpson replied.
"I see.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Oh, the Hammock District."
Seymour Skinner responded "Now it's a dance contest at the vampire prom."
Homer Simpson replied "You tutor?"
Homer Simpson responded "Marge, I have something to show you."
Bart Simpson said "Wow. You're really asking for my help?"
Lisa Simpson answered: "Like, you know, whatever. Like, you know, whatever."
Homer Simpson responded "Um, can I be a mate on your ship? Preferably First Mate."
"Thanks, everyone. I'm all better now. No more storing up the anger 'til I explode. If any of you does something I don't like, you are gonna hear about it!", Ned Flanders answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Whatcha doing, Marge?"
Homer Simpson responded "Would you sign this for my wife Marge? She's a big fan and her birthday is tomorrow."
Homer Simpson responded "You make us beg for a filthy pillow that a barnyard rat wouldn't curl up and die in! And watch pre-taped messages that make crashing look like fun!"
"Marge, I... Damn it, where's that card?" Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner answered "What, a wall?"
"Homer, that's for children!", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Son, that's the stupidest idea I ever heard. And I know exactly who would pay top dollar for it."
"Where do you think you're going?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Well, what can I do? They won't let me in the boys' school." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Well, I'm going in anyway.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Oh, it just turned up in the course of my daily rummaging. By the way, I oiled the hinge on your diary." Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "Squibs!"
Homer Simpson answered "Don't just stare back at me, come up with a theory! Geez, it's all over the place. Holy Moly."
"Umm... no thanks." Homer Simpson responded.
"You really wanna make love on half a mattress behind a billboard?", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "Hold that thought. I'm getting a text."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Mom, are you sure you don't wanna play?"
Homer Simpson said "Now how 'bout that game at the Pitch 'n Putt?"
"I think someone I love is a terrorist. Does that make me crazy?", Lisa Simpson replied.
"I'd like that. I'd like it a lot." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Would you like to wear mittens or go commando?"
"What the hell?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Homer, that's very rude of you.", Marge Simpson said.
"Well, I need something for my son's birthday.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Give back my baby!" Marge Simpson responded.
"Well, why don't you do something about it?", Lisa Simpson responded.
"If they can be that rude, the food must be great!" Marge Simpson said.
"It's not my fault. It's the reed.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "Homer, thanks to your unlicensed barbery, Patty and Selma have been getting compliments all day at the DMV."
Marge Simpson responded "Come on, let's get you inside and scrape the gum out of your hair."
"Nice place you got here. Ooh look, a hair net. Be a shame if it was hurled to the ground!" Homer Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner replied: "We need Lisa Simpson at Springfield Elementary. She's our top student and she writes the fun facts in the morning announcements!"
Homer Simpson said "OOOH, WHAT A LUCKY MAN..."
Bart Simpson: "Mom! Mom! Stop the car!"
"... And if anybody wants potato chips or anything fancy, tell 'em to go to hell." Moe Szyslak answered.
"Mom, it's lame to be proud of being lame.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Thank you, fellas." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Frontsies... Backsies... I'm with them... V.I.P... Coming through... Very important person... They gave me frontsies..."
Homer Simpson responded: "Don't worry. Being eaten by a crocodile is just like going to sleep... in a giant blender."
Marge Simpson replied: "My hero!"
Homer Simpson said: "I'll give you twenty bucks for it."
"What the?!", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "You are working two jobs!"
"Well, I have been thinking about making them into cut-offs..." Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns: "Smithers, sound the alarum! Summon the shire reeve! Wake the beadle!"
"Mary?" Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "Maybe."
"The kids are a mess! You brought them home exhausted and pretentious!", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Spell? Those girls couldn't have made her sick... or could they?"
Lisa Simpson replied "Everything in this forest is from a fairy tale! And this book can keep us one step ahead!"
"It still beats Disney's California Adventure.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"I hope our friend wasn't in an accident." Homer Simpson said.
"Turn that down! You call that music? I-- I just don't know what to do." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "I've got a great idea. Let's play Space Patrol."
"St. Sebastian was a pious Roman soldier...", Bart Simpson answered.
"The Barney Bugle?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Doesn't ring a bell." Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "You never like my friends."
Homer Simpson replied: "Done and done. Now, do Wiggum."
Bart Simpson replied "Look at me!"
Homer Simpson answered: "No, they weren't all happy Days. Like the time Pinky Tuscadero crashed her motorcycle -- or the night I lost all my money to those card sharks, and my Dad, Tom Bosley, had to get it back."
Bart Simpson said "Groundskeeper Willie, furious with the government that let him down. I'm Bart Simp--"
Lisa Simpson: "Sure we do. Ding ding ding ding ding."
Homer Simpson said: "Oh right. Just leave! But kick like a Rockette!"
Marge Simpson answered "Mr. Burns, how can you be so cold- hearted?"
Bart Simpson said "HAPPY BIRTHDAY LISA /"
Ned Flanders replied: "Well, I guess my first wish is to get rid of those awful aliens."
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Dartmouth?! Get me away from this hideous brute at once!"
"Give the donuts to the hotel staff. Release the pig, and the bowling ball, into the wild." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Lucky."
"Oh, Homie. I know you love me. We don't need to get married again." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Marge, where's my pellet gun?"
"The Arabian Nights Room looks nice...", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Look, it's been fun and all, but I miss indoor plumbing."
"Twenty-four hours? Where'd you pull that crazy number?" Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "Chief Wiggum, you've been around. You don't trust Sideshow Bob, do you?"
Marge Simpson responded: "Homer, please."
"What are you talking about?", Homer Simpson said.
"Oh and the", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "Aw..."
Homer Simpson responded "Ohhh, you suck, Marge."
"Are you sure you're here voluntarily?" Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Pong!"
"Homer, come back! You've got my teeth-whitening system in your suitcase!", Moe Szyslak said.
"Which I'll be doing tomorrow morning, smart guy." Homer Simpson replied.
"Ohhhh, Mister. Porky." Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, I got it -- you want me to stay out here and work on the chorus." Ned Flanders replied.
"No, Dad! I think there's a leak in the line." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "He's only your emotional uncle! I'm your real uncle!"
Bart Simpson said "Nobody tells Bart Simpson what to do."
Homer Simpson replied "I believe that famous people have a debt to everyone. If celebrities didn't want people pawing through their garbage and saying they're gay, they shouldn't have tried to express themselves creatively."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Dad, I think Princess belongs in a stable."
"Homer, she's married to your Dad!" Marge Simpson responded.
"Homer, please! We're about to have tea!" Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "Amen."
"Any uplifting holiday movies?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Marge, I'm gonna miss you so much. And it's not just the sex... it's also the food preparation... your skill with stains of all kinds. But mostly, I'll miss how lucky you make me feel each and every morning." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "We're gonna be rich! We can finally start a family!"
Homer Simpson: "Aw, come on."
Homer Simpson said: "Yeah, three nosy kids. And you know what happens to nosy kids who ask too many questions?"
"Ew, Dad! Wait a minute... Can you pass gas at will? Fart once for no, twice for yes." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Hurricane! Somehow the animals are always the first to know.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "Well... Yes, I do. But they're all heirlooms, too."
Moe Szyslak responded "Hey torso! What's with the cookies? Even the human snail would've been done by now!"
Homer Simpson answered "Woo!"
"No.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Oops."
"No one in history has ever done anything this clever." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "We had fame and fortune."
"I'm gonna eat EIGHT pieces of chocolate.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"What the?" Ned Flanders answered.
"Now I can't remember every little thing that happens in my day.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Hey, Milhouse."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Excellent! Excellent! Excellent!"
Lisa Simpson said: "It was so scary thinking something might happen to you guys."
"Hey, why'd you eat them? I thought you were a vegetarian." Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "What the hey, Mrs. K.?"
Lisa Simpson: "Here's a better idea -- you give me your address, and I'll write to you."
"Oh man, that guy's tough to love.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Hey, Lis, Mom said you had the toenail clippers and-- Whoa, Lisa! Look out! Nelson's in our house!" Bart Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns said "Who told you about those?"
Lisa Simpson said: "Hey!"
"I think I know a place you can skate that's virtually deserted." Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "Pinball, eh? I've always wanted to try this."
Homer Simpson answered: "Arrgh! -- Damn it to..."
"Hey, Lis, guess who's got a genuine Itchy and Scratchy animation cel?!", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "They're not going to get away with this."
Marge Simpson responded: "I'm trying to find a particular tune. It's the one that goes like dah-da-dahhh dah-da-dahhh."
"Okay.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Damn it!"
"Yep. There's your answer, Fish Bulb.", Bart Simpson replied.
"We're not rivals. We're just a couple of dreamers who set the bar a little too high. I can't destroy your work, my friend.", Homer Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Yeah, that's what you think."
Homer Simpson answered "What's your name, Bart... ner? -- Er -- Little partner?"
Bart Simpson answered: "You spent all the money I earned?!"
Bart Simpson: "Thanks mom."
"Ohhh, that's heaven.", Homer Simpson said.
"Nah, you've changed, man.", Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said "Grade me! Look at me! Evaluate and rank me! Oh -- I'm good, good, good, and oh so smart! Grade me!"
"He what?!", Marge Simpson replied.
"Well, at least I'll be able to say I went to a Broadway show.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "With my luck, I bet it will. It's practically a sure thing."
"That's not what dogs do.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "I just won't say anything, okay, honey?"
Moe Szyslak answered: "Yeah, yeah, yeah. Be right there."
Bart Simpson responded: "Hey, who's the moptop with the big schnozz?"
Bart Simpson said "Sea hag!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "That's the kind of riff you can aim for after years of practice. We start off with the fun stuff: music theory."
Seymour Skinner replied: "Uh, oh. There's your bell. Come along now, all of you."
"What the?!", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "Hey, guys, just so you don't hear any wild rumors... I'm being indicted for fraud in Australia."
"I don't feel so good. Can you take me to the hospital?", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Ew!"
"Also, I can't sleep at night 'cause there's this new bully who follows me home and..." Bart Simpson responded.
"My bad.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Ooh! I've missed you too.", Homer Simpson answered.
"I can't believe Krusty is really gone.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Whoop! Careful."
Marge Simpson said "Not any more!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Isn't all great art kind of a mirror?"
"I'll get a couple glasses.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Tell you what: To celebrate your first day of genius school, whaddaya say we go out for a round of frosty chocolate milkshakes?"
"Bart, stop fooling with the remote!", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "I'm her sister. And you?"
Moe Szyslak: "Don't-hang-up-on-me!"
Bart Simpson: "Ha! Ha! Ha! Hee! Hee!/ Woo hoo! Ha! Ha! / I didn't think it was gonna fall over. Ha! Ha!"
Lisa Simpson: "They have Itchy and Scratchy weddings?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Sharks, innocent? Please. Every year they kill a couple of people who do a series of stupid things. The shark's reptilian brain understands only one thing: the crime of murder..."
Marge Simpson answered "Wrong holiday, stupid!"
Moe Szyslak said: "Neither do I."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Goodbye, Mr. Sherman. If I ever play Carnegie Hall, I'll give you a call."
Homer Simpson replied: "Drunk cop? Is that you?"
Marge Simpson replied "Chocks?! Why don't we try it... freestyle."
"Now!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Flanders?" Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "That's right."
Homer Simpson said: "Marge, lighten up. Even Grampa's enjoying himself."
"Lisa, Channel 6 is launching a children's news program. And they've asked me to select an outstanding student to be anchorchild.", Seymour Skinner responded.
Homer Simpson: "Wait a minute, Bart's band is brainwashing kids with subliminal messages? That's pretty farfetched, Lisa."
"I'm tired of being a corporate shill.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"And ours!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, uh, Roz, I have to step out for one hour and forty-three minutes. Could you cover for me?"
"The TiVo is installed! Now we can watch shows, and skip the commercials!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Don't worry, there's plenty for all of you! Now who's laughing? Huh? Huh? Me! I'm laughing!" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "That's for employing me for eight years! Ha ha."
Homer Simpson responded "This is our chance to rub elbows with Springfield's young, hip power couples... Like me and Debbie Pinson."
"Where is Nelson?" Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "Uh... you know that bra that broke up our family?"
"You look a little sluggish out there, boy. I'd better open you up.", Bart Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak answered: "Oh, behave!"
Bart Simpson: "Can I have a burger, dad?"
"Think, Homer, think.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Sit down! / You're breaking -- / Don't touch that--" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "So?"
Homer Simpson responded "Kids, this is the holiest night of the year. Tomorrow is Father's Day, and that makes tonight Father's Day Eve."
Lisa Simpson answered: "But he didn't do anything!"
"I would." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "That's Ned Flanders. There's one in every neighborhood."
Lisa Simpson said: "John Shaft."
Homer Simpson answered: "Huh?"
"We've got a test, and I didn't read the book. I'll get a zero for sure, Bart! What do I do?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "And I can spend my Mother's Day taking care of something I've been putting off for a long time."
"Evolution?!" Ned Flanders said.
"What kind of lunch is this? A drawing of a sandwich?", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "No talking like a grizzled 1890's prospector... consarnit!"
Homer Simpson said: "Well, I guess I should explain. Not long ago, it was my day to take care of the baby, so I was out in the forest, hiding."
"Lenny, how ya doin'? It's Moe. I got some class three gossip here." Moe Szyslak said.
"Why'd you bring that up?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Mars, eh? Hmmm, I see no evidence of water." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "Not right now."
"Uh, uh, uh, let me guess. A mother can always tell. Hmm, it's not fear of nuclear war. Hmm, it's not swim test anxiety. It almost feels like you're missing something. Something important.", Marge Simpson answered.
"What?!", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Let's do it."
"No Ma'am! Sneakers!", Seymour Skinner responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "How can I end this torture?!"
"You could see our house in that photo.", Marge Simpson said.
"Do you wanna try a little harder, son? Come on, give it a girl's name." Homer Simpson responded.
"Ooh, I've never had a pair of pants that fit this well in my life." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Boy, come here and listen to Lisa's story. It's about Moe's treasure!"
Homer Simpson answered "No use struggling my beloved Chalamela."
Lisa Simpson replied "So I took a stab at writing my own song. Something that expresses what's really in my heart."
"Move it, poky.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Groundskeeper Willie, you know the guy in the skirt? He bought himself a mail-order bride, but he was too cheap to pay the C.O.D., right? So she's still in a crate down at the post office! Wanna go look-see?" Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson: "Errrrghh... just...a little more. Got it!"
Marge Simpson: "All you can drink... if you buy a jumbo cup."
"Tennessee Williams?! But how did he survive in the world of theater?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Dad, I'm telling you, Truman wins." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Ay carumba!", Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "Okay. Then I'm going to start kicking air like this. And if any part of you should fill that air, it's your own fault."
Lisa Simpson answered: "There's no chance whatsoever. I'll show you."
C. Montgomery Burns answered "No. Vendor, two, please."
"I STOPPED MY CRYING / WHY, I DON'T KNOW / BUT THIS ROSEY, COZY, BUBBLES-IN-MY-NOSE-Y / MAKES ME WANNA HAVE... MO'!" Marge Simpson answered.
"If I talk to Nikki, I'm sure I can--", Bart Simpson replied.
"Poor Tony. He didn't deserve this. He was just a soldier in a war he started." Homer Simpson replied.
"It was in... It was in my pocket.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Lisa's not gonna want that. Oh, what can I get her?"
"Yes it's me!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Really? You really think I'm better than you?", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Groundskeeper Willie?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Maybe! Look, you guys obviously know about weather, but I understand something much more predictable: women."
Homer Simpson answered "Shows how much she... knooooows! It's hurting my eyes!"
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Working late, Simpson?"
C. Montgomery Burns said "Smithers, why did you iron a crease in these dungarees? I look like a square."
"Stop swirling, Homer!" Marge Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner answered "Let's go."
Homer Simpson answered "Um, Mrs. Simpson?"
Bart Simpson answered: "You should call that radio station and let 'em have it."
Bart Simpson replied "Windsong?"
Lisa Simpson responded: "You've got to start backwards! / Orange to orange! Ignore the reds! / Alternate corners! /"
Marge Simpson said: "Why are you singing that?"
"Then you visit your friend's game, and he's got this awesome candy mansion..." Homer Simpson said.
"Land ho!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "You shut up."
"Gimme the ball! Gimme the ball!", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "As long as you're doin' things for me, would you tie up your bathrobe when you walk around the house."
Homer Simpson: "Hey, nobody's prettier than my little girl."
Marge Simpson replied "But Homer, how long are we supposed to sit here and listen to you badmouth us to the Man upstairs?"
"Even after we came to school?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Let's see now... inventions... inventions...", Homer Simpson responded.
"...how Bartholomew Simpson wantonly egged this town with Milhouse aforethought." Seymour Skinner answered.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "So, I see by your tie you're a Yale man, too. Let's croon, shall we? BOOLA BOOLA / BOOLA BOOLA..."
Marge Simpson responded: "You like Shake and Bake. You used to put it in your coffee."
Bart Simpson said: "What an odd thing to say."
Homer Simpson replied: "And I know how I can knock myself out. I'll look at your bill."
"I've never been so glad to be home." Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "I love you, Dad."
"Is your baby a suckaholic?!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Morning.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"You're nuts. I've got a will of iron.", Bart Simpson replied.
"My daughter, that's who!" Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "Hi, Dad."
"How could you not tell me you were an assassin?" Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Match point, Homer."
"Mom, romance is dead. It was acquired in a hostile takeover by Hallmark and Disney. Homogenized, then sold off piece by piece.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"What kind of a party has two activities? They're just trying to confuse me." Marge Simpson answered.
"All right, Fat Tony. Your little game is over." Homer Simpson replied.
"Is this everyone?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Look, I knew private school would be expensive but I was hoping we could get a scholarship of some sort.", Marge Simpson answered.
"So, Mrs. Krabappel, you got any plans?", Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Don't worry. I just drew up a little blueprint. Now let me walk you through it."
"Son, I know you're upset because you thought you saw us on TV saying we didn't want you in our family. But those were just actors playing us." Homer Simpson responded.
"And would they pay handsomely for the privilege?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Yeah, that's the look.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Uhhhh." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Yeah, things are tough all over."
"No, Me!", Bart Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner replied "Shut up! A child is in danger under my aegis!"
Marge Simpson responded "For once we're gonna celebrate Christmas as a family."
"You call that prime rib?" Homer Simpson replied.
"You Brickyard Bimbo!", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "But I think she'll win."
"Don't wanna hit you. I want your wife.", Homer Simpson responded.
"We'll be right back.", Homer Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak said "Kay, I'm gonna apply in a week."
Moe Szyslak: "So sad."
Homer Simpson: "Uh, let's see... 18... 27... 35. Dealer busts. Looks like you all win again."
"Singer, artist, composer, director, Talking Head...", Moe Szyslak replied.
Lisa Simpson said "Dad, are you sure this isn't stealing?"
"I can't do this, Bart. I'm not strong enough." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Bees are on the what, now?" Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "Yes."
Marge Simpson answered: "Have a great day, kids. And Bart, I'll pick you up after school to take you to karate lessons."
"Oh, you." Bart Simpson responded.
"Nice rhino." Homer Simpson answered.
"You can't prove I did it." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "That one creeps me out from the beginning."
"You told me it was up to me if I wanted to go!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Sorry, Bart. I'm gonna have to sell him."
"Come on. Lick it!", Homer Simpson said.
"They're singing again. Lousy neighbors. Wish I was deaf.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "I put a slice of apple in it!"
Homer Simpson replied "Hey, boy, get crackin'! Moe upped his order to twenty balls a night!"
Lisa Simpson replied "It's Santa!"
Bart Simpson: "I'M A LITTLE TEAPOT, SHORT AND STOUT / THIS IS MY HANDLE/ THIS IS MY SPOUT... THE ITSY-BITSY SPIDER WENT UP THE WATER SPOUT, ETC..."
Marge Simpson responded "Homer, I don't think there's a problem with Bart. But if there is, it's probably because you're not spending any time with him. Goodnight."
Homer Simpson: "Oh, I hope I haven't upset you... bongo head!"
Marge Simpson answered: "Ohh."
Bart Simpson answered "Wow -- this guy could put Milhouse out of business."
"Cool, he can teach us how to kill a man with a lunch tray." Bart Simpson replied.
"Are you ready for a little after school special? Eyes front, Simpson.", Seymour Skinner replied.
"Bart, her being wet won't help me win the competition.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "You and I have shared too many seed bells to just walk away from this."
"And I did.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Ta-da!"
"Please don't make me stay, Dad! I'll do anything you say! I'll find religion! I'll be good sometimes!", Bart Simpson said.
"That's not right." Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded "Oh no, Bart blamed this on the dog! I didn't pet him for weeks! Oh, I'm sorry I doubted you, boy."
"Lis, when you get a little older you'll learn that Friday's just another day between NBC's Must-See Thursday and CBS's Saturday Night Crap-o-rama." Bart Simpson said.
"No, no Japan. Jamaica! I wanna pass the doochie on the lefthand side." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Marge! You ruined my shot!"
C. Montgomery Burns: "I'm so sick of you, Smithers. Your toadying, your complete agreeability, your gasping on the floor... Wha?!"
Bart Simpson said: "Dad, I'm kinda edgy right now. I'd appreciate you not coming in my room screaming and brandishing a butcher knife."
Ned Flanders said "It's not working! It just spreads the flame!"
"Spin the top. If it falls over, we're in reality. If it spins forever, we're still in a dream.", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "Hey, Lis. I need a favor."
"Ooh, the FutureSphere. It's what people in nineteen sixty-five imagined what life would be like in nineteen eighty-seven.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"But, Mom --", Bart Simpson said.
"That's a good suggestion, Mom.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "What if they are better for the kids than us?"
Homer Simpson said: "Oh! Whoa! Hemorrhage-amundo!"
Ned Flanders replied "Okay, let's just put it to a vote."
Marge Simpson replied "Seven hundred dollars."
Bart Simpson said "Ow! Except that one."
"Right, right. I'm countin' the pennies in the ashtray. There's two!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Caveman brow..." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Yeah."
"Now, Homer, you were about to say something to me..." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"I'll have you know she pays full price for all her watercraft!" Ned Flanders replied.
"... as a father! A father!! A regular father!! Whooh!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Here ya go. Have some more.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, how romantic!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Oh, darn, the batteries are dead.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "More bread please."
Homer Simpson responded "I'm not screwing you over. No, uh... I'm not screwing you over. I'm not screwing you over."
"Sorry. The floor's kind of at an angle here. I'm gonna move over there.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "You're not the chicken, I'm the chicken!"
"But there must be some sort..." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Where? Over there?"
Marge Simpson replied: "Hello, Homie! Dinner's almost ready! Pork chops with my secret seasoning!"
"We're not gonna get whacked. Because you're Chief Clancy Wiggum, and you're gonna figure a way out of this." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "Eggs?"
"Marge, no one is saying twelve. Nine, ten, tops. See...", Homer Simpson said.
"All right, Otto can get married here. But Homer, you have to get rid of that elephant.", Marge Simpson said.
"But first, I'll daydream about a sport utility vehicle, a crispy chicken sandwich, and a wonderful blue pill.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Breakfast!" Homer Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Great heavens! What kind of radiola show is this?"
Homer Simpson replied "I H-8 this?"
"Oh Lord, I see thou art working through thy imperfect vessel, Marge. For thou art most wise...", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "Lighten up, Lis."
"Quit throwing your garbage into our dimension." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Oh yeah. When I started this clown thing I thought it would be nothing but glory. You know, the glory of being a clown? I tell ya, it's hard, tiring work, but when I see the smiles on their little faces, I just know they're getting ready to jab me with something."
"Hey!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Oh, you poor thing..." Marge Simpson said.
"Thanks, boy." Homer Simpson answered.
"Don't worry. I'll do the legwork." Marge Simpson responded.
"Hmmm." Marge Simpson replied.
"What? What are you talking about? Clearly make sense, man. I can't understand a word you're saying. You're just babbling incoherently like some sort of...", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Why not? I remember my first after-school job. I was in a band."
"Potato chips!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh, that might be a typo."
Homer Simpson answered "Yeah, no kids to ruin it."
"Bart, sensible bites! All right Lisa. If you don't want lamb chops, there's lots of other things I can make: chicken breast, rump roast, hot dogs...", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "Drown, monster, drown!"
Homer Simpson answered "What about when we snuggle?"
Homer Simpson said: "No. I'm sorry. It's... wait a minute."
"Oh, we sure could use a pooch to guard the flock at the Flanderosa.", Ned Flanders answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Cathy Guisewite!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Well, I'm--"
"Two brothers? Bart, who is this kid?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "You ruined that pie!"
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Premix?! I beg your forgiveness, lad. Smithers! Pour it down your pants."
Lisa Simpson replied "Oh, then, at the risk of being unpopular, I think I'm gonna have to say..."
Homer Simpson responded "Nuts."
"Okay, why are we in the woods? Is this heaven?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Excuse me, has anyone seen a woman wearing..."
Lisa Simpson replied "Apparently Tim was someone who was with the general moments before he was shot right in the head."
"Now, everyone relax and pretend we're about to be hit by a soft brick wall." Homer Simpson answered.
"But I really want a pony and I've been really, really good this year." Lisa Simpson answered.
"No, I don't want-a...", Homer Simpson said.
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEAR HOMER / HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU!", Lisa Simpson said.
"No, Mom, it's very reassuring. And I've learned a great deal from this cow's heart I got at the butcher shop." Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "Get the camera ready, Bart very seepy."
C. Montgomery Burns responded "No, he's out getting a spray-on tan. He comes back orange and stains the furniture -- the man's a walking creamsicle!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh, my head. How long have I been out here?"
"I don't understand you." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "You're trying to get me angry, thank you."
Marge Simpson answered: "See you later, kids. Ah've got to go rehearse with Ned."
Homer Simpson: "Move along there."
"Sorry, this old timer does ramble on sometimes, don't he?", Bart Simpson replied.
"What are you kids playing?", Marge Simpson responded.
"He started it! He did Punch Buggy first!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson: "Please? Thank you."
"I said, all of them.", Bart Simpson said.
"Well, well look who showed his face. The louse who sold out his only friend. You've got a lot of nerve comin' here... but since you did, what'll it be? First one's on the house." Moe Szyslak replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Grampa, I gotta tell ya, she's a stone-cold hoochie."
"Homer, stop that. I believe him." Marge Simpson replied.
"Oh.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Listen, Moe. I did something really terrible to someone I love."
"Are you all right?", Marge Simpson replied.
"What was that last one?" Homer Simpson said.
"THIS GROWN-UP MAKEOVER / HAS MADE ME A SUPER-TWEEN / FOR THEY ARE MY PEOPLE / AND I AM THEIR QUEEN!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Whoa, take that, Granny! Oh, hide in the closet. Oh no, deadly mothballs."
"Beautiful, aren't they?", Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "Excuse me..."
"That's my boy!", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"That's sweet.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Better technology doesn't mean better storytelling.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "I can't go back to living on the surface world! I can't!"
"Mm-hm. What about clay? You got any problem with clay?" Marge Simpson replied.
"A talking bear is eating my father!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Everyone okay?" Homer Simpson said.
"But if you quit, it'll be like an expert knot-tier quitting a knot-tying contest right in the middle of tying a knot!", Bart Simpson replied.
"Why you little... I'll teach you to make medical history!" Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "I guess you're right, Principal Tamzarian."
"He's a baby with wings!", Marge Simpson responded.
"I'm just glad everyone is having the best week of their lives." Bart Simpson replied.
"WHEN THE JAZZMAN'S TESTI-FYIN' A FAITHLESS MAN BELIEVES / HE CAN SING YOU INTO PARADISE / OR BRING YOU TO YOUR KNEES / JAZZMAN, TAKE MY BLUES AWAY ...", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Oh, fair enough.", Ned Flanders replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "Listen, Mr. Hobo. You may not have laundry to wash, but I do. Now what do you want to show me?"
"Ohhh, it's so cozy." Marge Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak answered: "Hey Buck, Buck! Buck, it's me, the weird guy from the stadium!"
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "But... what will I do?"
"Pretty cool. But now, whaddaya say we go do something we'll both enjoy?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Uh... I meant, my number one girl."
Bart Simpson said: "WE WISH YOU A MERRY CHRISTMAS / WE WISH YOU A MERRY CHRISTMAS / WE WISH..."
"I need you to drive me to the doctor, Homer." Marge Simpson replied.
"Yes! The prayer I forgot to say has been answered.", Homer Simpson responded.
"I'm just a Q without a U." Ned Flanders said.
Homer Simpson answered "Cheer up, boy. We'll get you their most vicious street cur! He'll bite your ass raw!"
Bart Simpson said "Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Loser! Nyah-nyah-nyah-nyah-nyah!"
"Hey, wait. I saw that Lost in Space movie. You are not Doctor Smith.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Lisa, I don't like this at all.", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "For what?"
"Ah, ah, folks, I've just discovered something about this statue that uh, may disappoint you. You see..." Ned Flanders answered.
Homer Simpson: "Damn right."
"Angry nut coming through.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Thank God!" Marge Simpson said.
"Homer!" Marge Simpson said.
"No, no! That won't scare anybody. On the top!", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "It ain't over till the fat lady sings."
Homer Simpson replied "Quiet! You're missing the jokes!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Stole? How is counting cards stealing?"
"I'm going to have these things on my arms forever!" Homer Simpson said.
"Financial panther, eh?", Homer Simpson said.
"Tween-lit gang-write. But this Babar needs a Zephyr.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Here we go."
"Bo-ring!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "This can only be good."
"So what prize did you end up getting?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Next, I'll tell you the origin of Maggie's pacifier."
"Wait, these are just guys from school. Who's next? Ralph Wiggum?", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Sure, boy. What's on your mind?"
"Well, I bet he can't resist this.", Bart Simpson responded.
"I'll bet you really hate Rex Banner, huh?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Homie, I know this shouldn't bother me, but a girl only has one first love. I guess it didn't mean that much to you." Marge Simpson answered.
"Why, ladies? Why?!" Bart Simpson said.
"Why are all cars black or grey now? It's like if you see a red one, it's a big deal.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Wow, that looks great, Mom. Some of your best work.", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "Finally, a Simpson has a trophy without a bowling ball on it."
"Hey, I'm the visionary. You come up with the nuts and bolts.", Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "I'll catch up with you guys in a little bit."
Homer Simpson said "We couldn't do both."
"Marge! What are you doing? Are you insane?!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Can you believe Flanders threw out a perfectly good toothbrush?" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Fellow workers, I've been meeting with Mr. Burns day and night and I've had enough."
Lisa Simpson said: "Right, 'cause I wouldn't want to be gay like my heroes Billie Jean King, Susan Sontag, Sappho of Lesbos, and, I suspect, Peppermint Patty..."
"Well..." Marge Simpson said.
"Come on, Lisa, try and see this from the OmniTouch Corporation's point of view.", Homer Simpson said.
"I know that's funny, but I'm just not laughing." Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Three, two, one, pull!"
Seymour Skinner responded: "Yeah, just try me you--"
Bart Simpson responded: "You know why these clothes are on sale, Mom? Because the people who wear them get beaten up."
"Awesome! I'm blasting all the state capitals! Take that, Salem, Oregon!" Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "I'll say. Wasn't it great? And the question mark leaves the door open for a sequel."
Marge Simpson: "Will you stop acting so jealous?"
"Hey! No abbreviations!", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded: "MANY PEOPLE IN THIS TOWN / SING LIKE WE DO / THERE'S MISTER BURNS, THERE'S KRUSTY, AND EVEN APU."
"Pennsylvania Avenue. I wanna buy a house.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Who are you donating them to?"
"What the-- You can't open your own bar!" Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Arrgh!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Salt of the earth."
Marge Simpson replied "Homer, this is all your fault. If you hadn't plugged in your dancing Santa, none of this would have happened."
"Fine.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Everyone but me.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "And his last wife, Eartha Kitt, recorded this before her untimely death."
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Excellent speech. Just excellent. I no longer wish to build my magnificent new basketball stadium."
Homer Simpson responded "/ THOSE EYES ARE GEMS BEYOND APPRAISAL / STUNNING SHADE OF PUREST... Oh, what is it?! I was so close! Let's see, what rhymes with appraisal: basil, nasal -- none of these are colors! Oh, it's hopeless! She'll never love me again."
Lisa Simpson answered "Dad, you're driving on an ancient Roman aqueduct!"
Homer Simpson answered "Uh, yeah. I've always said the boy could use more confidence."
Bart Simpson answered "Rest in peace, pal."
"Easy does it now... easy... little more... yea... right... that's the spot... ooah!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"It's okay Dad, I can fill in for Nelson." Bart Simpson responded.
"Ah, you mean like I'm dead? Yeah, sure.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Now, I'll get my Mom and Dad's attention, and you shove the dummy in the water. Any questions?", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "I didn't mean for this to happen, but... you were stealing."
"Sure. Once upon a time, in a far-off kingdom--" Lisa Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner replied "Quite so! Just take a look at her yearbook."
"Yes. Now I'd like to ask each child to pair up with a buddy, so no one gets lost.", Seymour Skinner responded.
"It's some sort of hideous monster." Ned Flanders answered.
"No, Homie! It's too dangerous!" Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Publish it myself? Why not? I could put out a whole newspaper dedicated to the rock. I'd be a publisher, just like Katherine Graham!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Oh, that is cool. Looks like two snakes trying to kill each other on your head."
Homer Simpson answered: "Hello. Aw. It's a boy... And what a boy."
"You do that." Homer Simpson answered.
"Wait Bart! Maybe the library has another book that'll reverse the spell." Lisa Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns said "7-G?! Let the Lennys and the Carls of the world waste their wretched lives in that testicle-shriveling torture chamber. Son, you'll be working in... Sector 6-F!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Second class? What about Social Security, bus discounts, Medic-Alert jewelry, Gold Bond powder, pants all the way up to your armpits, and all those other senior perks? Oh, if you ask me, old folks have it pretty sweet."
Bart Simpson answered "Hey, this is good stuff."
"What kind of kiss did you get?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "All right, all right, I'll be right there!"
Marge Simpson replied: "I'll catch up to you."
Marge Simpson replied "Actually, we pay them for each peach we take home."
Marge Simpson answered "That's it, Honey. Get into the spirit."
Bart Simpson said: "Okay, but when I grow up and I'm living on your couch, and I drink all your booze, and sell your jewelry, you gotta be cool."
Homer Simpson responded "I'll be right home, honey. I've just got to lock down the reactor for the evening."
Bart Simpson said: "Just a sec."
Lisa Simpson replied "Mom, Dad, my spiritual quest is over..."
"Now they did say bed and breakfast, right?" Homer Simpson responded.
"I should be resisting this, but I'm paralyzed with rage... and island rhythms." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"The Flanderses are not geeks! Okay, Rod and Todd are... and the wife has a thing for me, but she hides it behind a mask of low key hostility. But we've got to give this thing a chance. I want the two families to take a trip together this weekend." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "I'll throw myself out, thank you."
"It's a snuggle dungeon!", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Why are you doing this to me, booze? I drank every kind of you!"
"Up-bup-bup-bup." Homer Simpson replied.
"Well, I've had it! You rich snobs aren't pushin' us around anymore!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "This was due two weeks ago! I'm not insured! For the first time in my life I'm financially responsible for my own actions!"
Homer Simpson responded "See, I got this friend named... Joey Joe Joe Junior... Schabadoo."
Ned Flanders said "That's right. And like any man, I put on my secret Christian underpants one leg at a time."
"Hey Milhouse, want a turn pulling my rickshaw?" Bart Simpson answered.
"We'll never be able to swim that far.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Why you, listen to me you...", Homer Simpson said.
"Well, I've put it off, but today I'm finally getting this garage organized--" Homer Simpson answered.
"I'm not wearing a hat!", Marge Simpson said.
"In a minute!", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Six a.m. -- still early enough to sneak into bed and pretend I actually got home at three a.m."
Homer Simpson: "You just cost me two hundred thousand dollars!"
"Yes. But knowing that Lisa chose me as her hero... without ever considering any other hero... keeps me strong." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "That sounds like Homer."
"One cheese cube couldn't hurt.", Homer Simpson said.
"The man has no idea how to behave like a billionaire. Where's the dignity? Where's the contempt for the common man?", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Lisa Simpson said "I know, and the crowd is so distinguished. The inventor of the walkie-talkie is out there."
"Time to try out my new deep fryer." Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "We're trying to uncover a hidden trauma in my Dad's childhood."
"And I want Funzo's dream fortress, Funzo's lower-back-pain chair, Funzo's European voltage converter..." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Goodnight."
Homer Simpson replied: "I used to take out ads like that when we were newlyweds."
"Maybe a satellite picture will give us a clue.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "I'm more than okay!..."
Marge Simpson responded "I don't think it's a good idea to humiliate your boss on his birthday."
Homer Simpson said "Kids, I've only had three great ideas: marrying your mother, using a hot dog as a straw, and this romantic train ride anniversary. Sir, I need this train!"
"Simpson? Simpson?", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"You're fired!", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Please, can I get it, Marge? Please? Please?"
Lisa Simpson said "Well, I'm gonna be a famous jazz musician. I've got it all figured out. I'll be unappreciated in my own country, but my gutsy blues stylings will electrify the French. I'll avoid the horrors of drug abuse, but I do plan to have several torrid love affairs. And I may or may not die young, I haven't decided."
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Actually, son, it's a big, ugly Olmec Indian head. It was carved by Meso-American Indians over 3,000 years ago. This gruesome customer is Xt'tapalatakettle, the god of war."
"Hmm, he's a worthy foe. Look at him, Smithers. Exercising away while the others are off at the candy machine." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Let me think about it. No.", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "They had to feed you through a tube."
Homer Simpson said: "We sold it, didn't we?"
Marge Simpson said: "All I wanted was to glue feathers on felt and teach the boys good citizenship. And now it's a donnybrook!"
Marge Simpson said: "He's right."
Homer Simpson answered "Cool."
"Now that's religion.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "On a Miami Dolphins helmet the little dolphin is also wearing a helmet."
"Well, Marge," Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh and that sauce, Barney. I could have drunk a bowl of it by itself! No Barney, that's just my sister-in-law.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "Yeah, but you shouldn't have to settle. You know, I've always loved the house you're in now."
Marge Simpson said "You work at the nuclear plant."
"No I don't." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Yeah, you're right."
"This is so sad. Can we help her?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "You're so busy thinking up crazy ways to punish people, you can't see how much I love my kids."
"And that's what really happened." Bart Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders said: "O-kay."
Marge Simpson said "Sweetie, I've been waiting to hear you say that for so long. Although you could've waited till morning..."
Bart Simpson responded: "Dad, it was an empty building. It was supposed to come down!"
Marge Simpson replied: "I don't think we're doing this right."
Homer Simpson replied "All right. Stay calm. Remember your training."
Bart Simpson responded: "If I know my sister, and unfortunately I do, she probably ran off to some lame-o make-believe castle."
"The next exhibit in our ghoulish gallery is entitled...The school bus!? Oh oh... They must mean the ghoul bus.", Bart Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "I wanted to give you something to remember me by. I know you've always had your eye on this photo of Elvis and me."
Homer Simpson: "Now practice preening to the crowd, El Guapo."
"Hop in, boy! We'll show your mother our god kicks her god's butt." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "I think it is so cool what you are doing. So what's the gag? You put ex-lax in the cookies, then just sit back and watch the fireworks?"
Ned Flanders said "Well sir, I'm opening a one-stop store for Southpaws. Everything from left-handed apple peelers to left-handed zithers. I'm gonna call it the Leftorium."
Homer Simpson responded "Wow honey, eating dinner downstairs is great! Isn't it, kids?"
Bart Simpson answered: "I think we should get a machine gun. We could use it to hunt game, spell out things, or ring in the new year!"
Marge Simpson answered "Well, nobody's perfect. Let me just pick those out."
"And my dream is to someday wear a real wetsuit instead of one that is just painted on." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Dweeb, wonk, spaz... it's all good."
Marge Simpson said "Dear Purveyors of Senseless Violence: I know this may sound silly at first..."
"Aw, come on. If you're really Michael Jackson, who were your last four dates for the Grammys?", Bart Simpson responded.
"Bart, your museum took in over three thousand dollars!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Goodbye, cruel world."
Bart Simpson responded: "I'll get right on it."
"No. It's Elon. I don't care how much he likes me, I don't wanna be friends with him anymore. None of his pie in the sky ideas ever work out. Sky pies are lie pies! Of all the planets in the universe, why did he have to come to this one?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Maggie! Maggie!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "You broke it!"
Marge Simpson replied "And now it's too late -- they're here. Bart, greet our guests and take their coats."
"Aw, I hate this place! Why am I here?!", Homer Simpson said.
"Snowball!" Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "My first gray hair!"
"Souvenir." Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, this game could mean big things for me, Marge. If I beat Mr. Burns, I mean really wallop him bad... I'm sure to get that big raise I've been gunning for.", Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner said "Remain calm. There is a dog in the vents."
"Now wait, Homer." Marge Simpson responded.
"Please be kind." Homer Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders replied "Okely-dokely."
Marge Simpson said "I found some food for breakfast. I hope everyone likes the red things that grow on this tree."
"I gotta have that mini-bike!", Bart Simpson responded.
"What? I have great ass suction. Now how 'bout a little privacy?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Yeah, but first I talked to the engineer. He said there's a procedure for dealing with events of this nature."
"Ooh, look! A welcome mat that tells you your weight!", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "Why don't you just chase the beavers away?"
Lisa Simpson replied "Ugh, those morons make me so angry."
"Just an innocuous little symbol like a smiley face or a like an I.O.U." Homer Simpson said.
"If I didn't, I'd lose their respect." Homer Simpson responded.
"Dad, you didn't even say ouch.", Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Yes!"
"Ooh! Lemme guess. Skinner's mother. She sure knows how to swing it." Homer Simpson answered.
"That's Latin, Dad. The language of Plutarch." Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "Yes, I will."
Homer Simpson answered: "What the?!"
"I can't see! I'll have to steer by the reflection in my watch!", Homer Simpson answered.
"If I knew this would take so long, I'd'a put on the TV." Moe Szyslak responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "Homer, did you know he was in the pile?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Good one, boy."
"...and, finally, the little spot under your nose. Next, we take some toilet paper, tear off some teensy little squares, and stick one there, and there, and any place you're bleeding. There and there. Don't worry, the blood will hold it right on your face. Now, some aftershave." Homer Simpson said.
"Barbershop! That ain't been popular since aught six, dagnabit!" Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "But, Homer..."
Homer Simpson said: "Wow! That's service!"
"Well, a paperweight would be nice, but what I really need is a computer. How about that one?" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Marge, Lisa, Lady -- If you'll excuse me, I've got something very important to attend to."
Bart Simpson responded "Goodnight, Krusty. Sorry about your dad."
Homer Simpson responded: "Why did this happen? Whyyyyyy?"
"Let's see... according to your charts, you're due for your annual throat scraping." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "I had become diabetic from drinking too many Frappuccinos."
Marge Simpson said: "Bart, get your suit on."
Homer Simpson: "Hug! Hug! Hug!"
"Thank you, Bill Cosby, you saved the Simpsons!", Homer Simpson said.
"Lousy burns so ungrateful, I hate him so much..." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Really?"
"Oh, righty-o. One betting disk please." Ned Flanders answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Oh, okay. I thought you were puttin' him down."
"When Krusty wants to he can still blow 'em away." Lisa Simpson responded.
"I'm for equal rights. But do we really need a whole amendment?" Marge Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Henry Ford! Good to see you. As healthy and vibrant as Detroit itself."
Bart Simpson said: "Let's take a ride. I got a place with a view."
Bart Simpson replied: "Way to go Dad. Hey, where's the food?"
Marge Simpson replied "And Maggie gets a shirt, too!"
Homer Simpson answered "No, don't kill me! I didn't know there was film in that camera in that hat! I was unaware! I WAS UNAWAAARE!"
"Praise the Lord, I can walk again! What, my foot fell asleep." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "WHAT EVERYTHING'S BEEN BUILDING TOOOO /"
Lisa Simpson answered: "I'll name her Princess and I'll ride her every day."
Marge Simpson responded: "Well, he's down to two beers in the shower..."
Homer Simpson said "Lisa, I know what's going on here. They did it to Jesus and now they're doing it to me."
Homer Simpson answered "How long have I been playing?"
"Oh, man." Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "Let's call the company."
"Yes." Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "Really? Well, what do you call that thing on the branch?"
"I never apologize, Lisa. I'm sorry, but that's just the way I am.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "I'm sorry all right! Sorry I came back here!"
Lisa Simpson replied "You gotta give her up."
"Dad, did you see anything provocative in today's paper?" Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "All right, but remember it's mine."
"Fine." Bart Simpson answered.
"Eww, Dad, this is blood." Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied "Please! I went through my T.R. phase in first grade. Now I realize that the greatest Roosevelt is Franklin."
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, here we go."
"Yeah. It seems like our house, but everything's got a creepy Pat Boone-ish quality to it." Lisa Simpson replied.
"That's a wonderful thing you did for my sisters." Marge Simpson said.
"I can't believe you're gambling." Lisa Simpson responded.
"So... you're saying this fish might have an advantage over other fish. It may, in fact, be a kind of super fish!" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Isn't that nice? Take a message. Right now I'm off to hit forty-six local merchants for free birthday goods and services.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Oh my God. Oh my God. This counts as a walk!"
"Well, you always miss when you throw your underpants at the hamper!", Marge Simpson said.
"Any chance I could see you again?", Ned Flanders replied.
"I'm the president and the decision is mine. We're Hell's Satans. Besides, I've already made our club jackets.", Homer Simpson said.
"Grampa, no stories! You can come with us, or sit here on the shark bench.", Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson: "When will all those fools learn that you can be perfectly healthy simply eating vegetables, fruits, grains, and cheese?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Isn't there like a pound where you can pick up cheap ponies that ran away from home?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, that. I stuck a couple of extra legs on there 'cause I kept tipping over when I was trying to invent stuff."
"But Marge, look at the little guy!" Homer Simpson said.
"Oh man, I would love to pirate that.", Bart Simpson said.
"Homie, read this." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "No more reality shows for us. Let's watch some quality scripted television."
"Sort of!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Unkink the hose!"
"I'm not allowed to discuss that with fourth graders. Fifth grade, you get every dirty detail." Seymour Skinner replied.
"I have to admit, I'll miss having him around.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"They're coming for-- What's your name?" Bart Simpson answered.
"Nice try, Mr. Flanders, but I've got a story so scary you'll wet your pants.", Bart Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak answered "Yeah! Do that!"
"That Ralph Wiggum boy. He's a real winner." Marge Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Excellent."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Wow, the TV's hooked up to the internet! You can stream whole seasons of old TV shows."
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Well, take your mind off contaminates for one night and have a hot dog."
"It is, 'cause my baby's not in it!" Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said "I wish I'd gotten to know you better, Dad. But there were times when we really connected."
"Hey, let's go! Emergency! Life-or-death here!", Homer Simpson responded.
"But there's no reason we can't dance, dance, dance the night away." Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, their school system's the best. Their auditorium and their gym are two different rooms!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Ah, my high school yearbook...", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "My dad's always been so angry. Maybe if we help him be who he is, he'll finally be happy."
Homer Simpson answered: "Mr. Burns, I insist that we cheat!"
Marge Simpson said "Lumbar! It means lower back. How many times will you make that mistake?"
"I engaged in intercourse with your spouse or significant other. Now that's psychiatry! Eh? Eh?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Nice tux, Moe." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Which one?"
Bart Simpson said: "Hey, where's your candy?"
"Now listen. I'm bringing Michael Jackson home to stay with us for a few days... Isn't that cute -- he's heard of you! Now, make sure we have plenty of cold cuts, and put some beer on ice." Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner said: "So, Mr. Lassen, you began your career at Shelbyville Prep."
"Your devotion to scholarship is a shining beacon to all who--" Seymour Skinner answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Oh, all right, let me talk to them. Put me on with the lead boy."
"Not this! Anything but this!" Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Ugh... oh... umph... Oh, Smithers, guide me in."
Bart Simpson answered: "Sideshow Bob! I'm only ten and I already got two mortal enemies."
"The only dangerous amount is none!" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "Uh, Dad..."
"Eh, I've had a good run.", Homer Simpson replied.
"...so they need a place to stay. Here." Marge Simpson said.
"Woo hoo!" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Oh, my."
Homer Simpson said "Heh, heh, heh. Tremendous."
Marge Simpson replied: "Oh, I don't think Mr. Burns would like that show."
"Ooh, marriage!", Marge Simpson answered.
"Honeymooners -- no kids, no worries.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Dad, we need to have a talk." Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Milhouse? Is that you?"
"No, I won't accept that." Homer Simpson replied.
"Wha...?!" Homer Simpson said.
"Lisa, I think you're going to fit in just fine around here.", Seymour Skinner said.
"I am?", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "That's great, let me run the numbers because I really want the Simpson account. And give these cigars to your children."
"This is it, Marge. I poured my heart and soul into this business, and now it's finally paying off! We're rich! Richer than astronauts!" Homer Simpson said.
"A gutter cleaning coupon?", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "I wanted them till I got them! But this year I'm gettin' my dirt bike."
Homer Simpson answered "Hi, Homer Simpson. Mind if I sit near your son? Mine sucks."
"...I want you to have a fun night doing guy stuff. Don't worry about me, I'll be fine." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Why you little..."
"Oh. Hi Dad." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Dinner time! I know you're hungry! I can hear you rubbing your legs together! Oh my God!"
Lisa Simpson answered "I'm a freakin' Buddhist! A Buddhist!"
Homer Simpson answered "I bet you could afford it, though."
Homer Simpson responded: "Ow! Oh! Call work and tell 'em I won't be in tomorrow."
"I really appreciate your taking such an interest in me, Dad.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Oh, Bart, thank you so, so much!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Hey, Homer! Check it out!"
"Okay Bart, we've got a lot of work to do on that car. So, I'm gonna pull you out of school for the next couple of weeks...", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "No."
"Don't worry, I'll help her out. I remember how hard it was to be an outsider. Always trying to fit in... never quite feeling like...", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "All right, Dolphins!"
"Marge, I know this is ill-gotten, but can we use it to..." Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, hello Homer." Marge Simpson said.
"No, they might escape and breed. The law is very clear on this: they must be exterminated as quickly and as gruesomely as possible.", Seymour Skinner replied.
Homer Simpson responded "You mean, I'm on my own? I've never been on my own. Oh no! On own! On own! I need help. Oh, God help me! Help me, God!"
Ned Flanders replied: "No foot-longs!"
Homer Simpson said "Oh, goodbye, old girl. We've had a lot of great memories."
"Bart! Did you kill that poor bird?" Marge Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak answered: "Ah, she got homesick for her old life, diving for tourist pennies in a Micronesian swamp."
"Interesting attitude for a janitor. What say we make you the new supervisor of Sector 7-G?!", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
C. Montgomery Burns: "What in blazes? Who is that old geezer? And what has he done with Homer Simpson?"
"I think we should do a test." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Ach! It was that darn recording again!" Ned Flanders said.
"Hmm. This one's done in different handwriting." Marge Simpson replied.
"Uh, I dunno. But lucky for you somebody here is responsible.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "That's not an FBI badge."
"Hey, it'll be easy. You've still got most of the stuff from Apu's wedding back there." Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "Bart, there's one left and it's mine!"
"All right, the first thing they told me to do is make sure everyone here is in the right class." Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, this is a parent's worst nightmare! They've stolen a car and they're home alone.", Homer Simpson said.
"I am in your power.", Bart Simpson said.
"What about now?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Ah, Ziggy... will you ever win?" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Not half as good as cyberfudge."
"No, Chief, Bob's innocent! It's the truth!" Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Who does Nelson think he's impressing, anyway, acting so cool all the time?"
"Uh, Dad?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Mmm! Cursive!"
Lisa Simpson answered "Mom, I need more O.J."
Homer Simpson answered "Into the playpen, sweetie. And if you get hungry, there's lobster!"
"Dad, don't act like Mussolini!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "I was trying to gnaw my foot off, but I couldn't get through my sock. Goodnight everybody."
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Sorry, offer's expired. I guess we'll just have to let the jury decide, twelve good men and true. Good day. Smithers, release the hounds."
Lisa Simpson replied "Make it snappy, Milhouse. I've got an important meeting in the teachers' lounge."
"I cheated!", Lisa Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns said "All right, then. Uh, how about this?"
"Awww...", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "Ooh, that's a great idea."
"You know, Mom and Dad are almost forty, and Bart is ten. That means you didn't have him until way after high school.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"No, no, just give them each a nickel and send them to Moe's. Let them while away the afternoon spilling their beer on gullets and trousers whilst drooling over French postcards." C. Montgomery Burns said.
Bart Simpson said: "We're not going to a Grammar Rodeo! That was just an alibi, Milton!!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Why can't you support my gibberish? I'd do it if you were stupid!"
Homer Simpson answered: "...Badge of honor."
"Uh, kids... don't forget about our special plans Saturday night.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Allll right, I hear ya, honey. Change into something nice. We're steppin' out!", Homer Simpson said.
"I hope Maggie and the boys are all right." Lisa Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak responded "Now, promise me you'll leave her be, and wipe down your back seats annually..."
Bart Simpson: "Yes, I do. You seem so damn sure."
Homer Simpson responded: "No, she's not."
Homer Simpson replied: "Yes I do. Under chapter thirteen of the fiscal code, an individual whose debts exceed his assets may file for bankruptcy, thus protecting said assets."
Homer Simpson answered: "How many grades does this school have?"
Homer Simpson responded: "In the impulse zone. If you want to be like me, you gotta make snap decisions. Like this."
"So you're saying..." Bart Simpson replied.
"It'll be a long time before your Mother gets back with the tire, so why don't I tell you more of the story? Now that we had a name, the Be Sharps needed a hit. Something new, something exciting, something mid-1980's...", Homer Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders responded: "Advice? Just call me Ann Flanders!"
"Ms. Naegle, I'm sorry to surprise you like this, but I thought if we met face-to-face, we could settle our differences.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Homer J. Simpson."
"Hey, back off, man.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "You give my son what he deserves, or I'll knock you on your delightfully offbeat ass!"
Marge Simpson replied "No. You know, Bart, since he is giving you all of his money, maybe it would be nice if you spend some time with him."
"Empty my pockets you say? Well, certainly, but I fail to see how...", Bart Simpson said.
"Marge, flying in private jets is great and all, but it's just too dangerous. That's why I've decided to go to the plant and beg Mr. Burns for my old job back." Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "Oh, Bart, why'd you ask him a follow-up question?"
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Help! I'm wafting on a zephyr!"
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Oh, hello Smithers! Fancy seeing you in Casual Encounter Park."
"He's the chosen one!" Moe Szyslak responded.
Bart Simpson replied "Um... well... this is usually the part where you say you're sorry."
"Daaad, they're firing the rocket!", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Thanks for cushioning my fall." Bart Simpson responded.
"That's an excellent question, Kent. First of all..." Homer Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Swank-ee! Woo-hoo!"
"Homer." Marge Simpson said.
"It's an ancient Indian burial ground." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Oink! Oink! Oink!"
"Every week there's a canal." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "You're not suggesting... murder."
Homer Simpson replied: "Oooh, boogie, boogie, boogie, boogie, boogie. Woo, boogie, boogie, boogie, boogie, boogie, boogie."
Bart Simpson said "I'll bring you home my dessert."
"Hey, a duel? I, ah-- Isn't that a little extreme? Here, here, have a free beer.", Moe Szyslak responded.
"Hold the funeral, Poindexter." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Yeah, hello yourself. I'm Moe Szyslak. Back in high school, I asked you to the Springtime Pumpkin Dance, and you turned me down. Well, I just wanted to show you the face that you coulda been kissin'." Moe Szyslak answered.
Bart Simpson responded "Are we scared yet?"
Homer Simpson answered "I dunno."
Homer Simpson replied "Good idea."
Marge Simpson responded: "Who's watching the kids?"
Ned Flanders answered "Well, I do appreciate that you've got a cashier's check... Now, do you have any pets?"
Homer Simpson replied "Hi Moe."
Bart Simpson responded: "You're saying it's from Maggie, but actually it's from you. Thanks, Lis."
C. Montgomery Burns said: "-- things couldn't be more ship-shape."
Bart Simpson replied: "This is people working?"
"Hey Mom! Wanna go for a ride?" Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "My bribe!"
"And I'll make sure Flanders doesn't bother us.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "Hm, I don't know. I'm pretty attached to my family, and..."
"Look, Cookie! There's a dance tonight!", Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Equalia is not real!"
"Out of the house, kids! I have to make an adult phone call.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "You signed my name? I feel so violated."
Lisa Simpson answered: "It's okay, they're gone now. You can..."
"Ooh! Here's a wonderful speaker! Geoff Jenkins!" Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "No. I'm fine. I'm going to my sisters' now."
"That's not Krusty the Clown.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Well, we're not giving up. We're going to cure you of drinking.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Homer! Stop teasing!", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "Lisa needs braces."
Homer Simpson replied "You won't feel so bolloxed once my social security checks start coming."
"I hate reality shows..." Homer Simpson answered.
"I'll work form midnight to eight, come home, sleep for five minutes, eat breakfast, sleep six more minutes, shower, then I have ten minutes to spend as I please. Then I'm off to the power plant, fresh as a daisy.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Actually, that was before I went in the ocean.", Homer Simpson answered.
"...Homer's family needs him too, and that's that." Marge Simpson answered.
"Homer, who are you calling?" Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "This is legal, right?"
"Here you go.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "Can't beat a skybox. All the excitement of being in the sky, with the security of being in a box."
Lisa Simpson: "What if they make it into a movie?"
"No." Lisa Simpson said.
"Accursed tide! Flee from my wrath!", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Well, Marge, what do you think?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Honey, we don't need to drive 400 miles to clean animals. You can stay right here and give the dog a bath. Or trim the cat's nails.", Marge Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak replied "Yep. Nice and cozy and... Whaaaa?!"
"Yo! Over here!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Gee, that's odd. They didn't send one to you." Marge Simpson responded.
"Smithers!" C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Ten minutes? I can't wait that long! I left an ice cream cone in my cup holder!", Homer Simpson said.
"Homer! That's just an urban legend. People don't do that type of thing with fish. Troy McClure is a perfect gentlemen, like Bing Crosby or JFK. I wonder where Troy is now?", Marge Simpson replied.
"They do make my neck look thinner... Oh, all right, let's do it." Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "This year, I'm making earplugs out of biscuit dough!"
"I worked for Fat Tony. And he was the best boss I ever had." Homer Simpson said.
"Well, it's really pretty top secret, ma'am.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Hey, you guys aren't from around here, are you?", Homer Simpson answered.
"It must be tough to win the Nobel Prize and lose your father on the same day.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Pro: I, uh... don't have to go to work."
"Not gonna say.", Marge Simpson said.
"Huh?" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Talking won't get you there."
Homer Simpson answered: "If it wasn't for me you'd still be queen. You must hate me."
Marge Simpson replied: "Don't you have any rooms? We can't live in our house for six months."
"I never knew what Superman saw in her. Give me Wonder Woman! And that golden lariat. She can tie me up any time." Homer Simpson replied.
"What's that?" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "And that's when the CHUDs came at me."
Bart Simpson responded: "Home Improvement..."
"Damn, that hurt!", Homer Simpson said.
"Hey, wait for me!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Today I'm glad that I sold that stock.", Homer Simpson said.
"Well, cockily-Doodily-Doo, little buddies. Let's thank the Lord for another beautiful school day.", Ned Flanders said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Maybe."
"You are the biggest psycho I ever met." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "I deserve this."
Bart Simpson replied "Amen, brother."
Bart Simpson said "Ohhh... my head...."
Lisa Simpson said "No need to thank me, boys."
"Forget it." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Huh? Oh."
"That's all there is -- the rest of the diary has turned to dust!" Lisa Simpson said.
"Farewell, friend. Maybe you'll find another lost lamb for your flock." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Love thy neighbor.", Ned Flanders responded.
"Oh, that. That can be treated with our good friend alcohol. You might want to write that down. Where the hell's your notebook?" Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "Well Moe, I guess we're friends again."
Seymour Skinner: "Willie, can't you turn your hose on them?"
"Oh for gosh sakes, what now?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Here you go.", Moe Szyslak said.
"They'll get their blood money.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Mom, you tricked us!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "Actually, he's Homer Simpson. That's Bart. I'm Lisa..."
"Uh... I gotta go." Homer Simpson answered.
"David is so helpful...", Marge Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Well, I assume I'm not the first one."
Homer Simpson responded: "So easy."
"Well, maybe I'll just stay and work overtime. My sisters-in-law are at my house again.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded: "A female deer."
"Boy, that quiet engine sure makes conversation a lot easier." Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Hmmm, I notice little things about your father, too."
Marge Simpson answered: "Where are you two going?"
Lisa Simpson responded: "I'd better go."
Homer Simpson said "You should see the look on your face. It's priceless."
Bart Simpson responded: "I just wanted to get out of the room. She was really bumming me out."
Marge Simpson said: "Did it again!"
"I'm delivering your Scout Gal Cookies, Mayor Quimby! That'll be thirty dollars!" Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "Dad, the story of the passion is the cornerstone of the Christian faith. And although I personally follow the enlightened teachings of Lord Buddha, messing with Jesus really gets people mad -- it's like wearing a Florida State jersey to a Florida game."
"He's gonna kill Rod and Todd, too... That's horrible. In principle.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Saturday morning, and then... noooo!", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Lisa, I'd rather tell you a different story. How your father and I first met and fell in love." Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "Ping!"
Bart Simpson answered "Me?"
Homer Simpson said "Compared to the rest of these people, yeah."
Homer Simpson answered: "Uhhh."
"Okay. Who's up for some scrounging?", Homer Simpson replied.
"What's going on? What am I doin' here?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, I'm very excited about this deal... Oh..." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Marge!"
Homer Simpson: "Point one five."
"You already asked me that.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Air's getting thin, but I'm gonna make it. Woo! Getting lightheaded... Good -- no heavy head to carry. Wait! I'll just take that escalator!"
Homer Simpson said: "Oh, well, I've been faking the noise 'cause you deserve the best."
"Homie, I think someone is saying hello." Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "Homer!"
"A strongman? Are you for sale? 'Cause I need someone to throw a birdbath at my neighbor.", Homer Simpson said.
"What the...?!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Wow. So now there's two things named after me -- a baby, and a law banning air horns after three a.m."
Marge Simpson answered: "To what?"
"Don't worry, here's the cash.", Bart Simpson said.
"Oh yeah.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Huh. Getting kind of hot around here." Lisa Simpson said.
"And I was that boy!", Bart Simpson answered.
"Oh, being stuck on this God forsaken planet has vanquished what little appetite I have.", Homer Simpson responded.
"No, my ears are really burning. I wanted to see inside, so I lit a Q-tip.", Homer Simpson answered.
"You can't win us back with mere donuts.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "What?"
"Yes there is!" Marge Simpson said.
"Dad, I know you're gonna say no, but Mom would say..." Bart Simpson answered.
"Me not notice.", Bart Simpson said.
"Wait! That boy is lying! He's not illiterate.", Seymour Skinner replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Hold on, wha-- That's our basement?"
Homer Simpson said "Nobody touch it! Bart, stop looking at it!"
Lisa Simpson answered: "I'd bet my entire college fund on it."
Marge Simpson said: "What! What?"
"Me, me. I was here first!" Homer Simpson responded.
"A gumbamel's a camel but faster and humbler. It doesn't take tips and it's never a grumbler. So if you must leave in a kind of a scramble, then jump on the hump of a humble gumbamel." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Wow! It's filthy... and it's mine.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Is that a fish?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, I got a bunch, Homer, but I just don't feel right ab... Oh, Lord, what should I do?", Ned Flanders replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "We did -- Homer took him. Didn't you?"
Lisa Simpson answered "Springfield Gorge? Bart, you'll be killed!"
Homer Simpson answered "Mango-lime salsa?! That's the kind of bold flavor they enjoy in... Albuquerque!"
"Lisa, how could you? The governor is crying.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Homer? That-that's my dad. I can't hurt him." Bart Simpson replied.
"That's an ornament.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Hey, if you don't like it, go to Russia.", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "That doesn't sound like you."
Marge Simpson said: "Knockers on route 98."
"No." Bart Simpson answered.
"And brace yourself: I put some thought into it." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "When you put your T-shirt on backwards?"
Homer Simpson said "Kids love trains."
"Wow. Is it much different from a normal plane?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Hollywood, here we are!" Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson: "...while you're spending the week at..."
"Hey, watch the movie." Homer Simpson replied.
"Hey, my dad was lousy and I didn't sue him. I just dumped him in the cheapest home I could find.", Homer Simpson said.
"Are you thinking what I'm thinking?", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Let me say I've always admired the Irish. Knute Rockne, Larry Bird, and especially Mr. Potato Head."
Marge Simpson answered "An ATM receipt?"
Seymour Skinner said: "Don't worry, Mother. I have your eye balm in my man-purse right here."
Marge Simpson said "Awww... Eww... Homie! We still have a chance!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Who are all these characters?"
Homer Simpson said "Get out."
"You backstabber, you traitor, you...", Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson: "I saw him heading across the field after school with a kid a little bit older and undoubtedly wiser."
"It's nice to be wanted." Seymour Skinner answered.
Seymour Skinner responded "Well Bart, I guess his parking spot is yours now."
"Oh, this place is so big. Do you think we should split up and look for them, Homie? Homie?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Well, all I care about is that my little girl loves me. And we're gonna spend a lot more time together from now on." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Bart Simpson, meet Jay Sherman, the Critic."
Homer Simpson answered: "Anti-polio."
Lisa Simpson: "Hi, Dad. You know, there's buns in the cabinet."
Ned Flanders replied "Oh, I wish! No, these are complimentary boxes from the shipping company."
Moe Szyslak replied "What's the matter, Homer? You're drunk but you're not like sloppy drunk."
"I can't listen to this anymore.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "I hope you enjoyed the show tonight. And if you're worried about when the air conditioner fell on my head, rest assured it was a stunt man and his family is being well taken care of."
"Oops! I thought this was the can, man.", Homer Simpson said.
"It's perfect, Dad.", Lisa Simpson said.
"I'm in tantrum position. T-minus five... four... three... remembering dead cat for real tears, and..." Bart Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak replied "My scotch is a scotch and water."
Lisa Simpson said "The Democratic Party pantheon. Such lofty ideals! And here come the spirits... Michael Dukakis, Walter Mondale, John Kerry?! These are all losers!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Mom, please don't."
"What? I never give up hope." Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "Hey, look, it's the school motto."
"Hmm, well, I met Homer in high school. We got married and had three beautiful children." Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "This thing only takes dollars."
Bart Simpson responded "Yes they do."
Marge Simpson: "We've got pretzels at home."
"WITH MY..." Homer Simpson replied.
"Only one hundred percent?" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Is this you? If it is, don't dial nine one one. Simply dial six three six five five five three four seven two."
Marge Simpson answered: "Homie, aren't you coming inside?"
Bart Simpson answered "Whoa! Strike two! Two and two!"
Moe Szyslak answered "Wha...wha... Wait a minute. You went to another bar?"
"Fleeing the violence, the nuns of Saint Teresa's left the colonies and settled here in Springfield." Seymour Skinner responded.
C. Montgomery Burns said "I see. Well, I... Oh, you know, I just remembered it's time for my annual donation. I wonder how much I should give..."
Marge Simpson: "You've worked hard at the bowling alley. Why don't you ask for a raise?"
Bart Simpson responded: "No? Then I'll just sit down."
"Don't do that. Why should we both be outcasts?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Yeah, that's right Barney. This year I invested in pumpkins. They've been going up the whole month of October, and I got a feeling they're gonna peak right around January. And bang, that's when I'll cash in.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Psst... Marge. Come take a look at this."
"Howdy-do, strangers! Hop on in before you become a couple runneth over!" Ned Flanders said.
"Bart, this isn't a photograph. I'm not just gonna paint you into--", Lisa Simpson said.
"What happened to my room?!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Just a second, Marge. Hello! Thailand? How's everything on your end? Uh-huh. That's some language you got there. And you talk like that twenty-four seven, huh?" Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "A truffle is a fungus that grows in tree roots. It's one of the most prized gourmet foods in the world."
Marge Simpson replied: "Never being a grandmother?"
Homer Simpson said "That's all right, son."
Homer Simpson responded: "Lisa's right! It is a cool, super sport!"
Homer Simpson said: "Hey, you're that guy from the F.B.--"
"I went to a movie." Homer Simpson responded.
"Get bent." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Yeah. Wait a minute. It's the guy from TV. My kid's hero... Cruddy... Crummy... Krusty the Clown!"
"Why, here's Allison's real diorama. It got misplaced, ...or so it would seem.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Oh... Forget it.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Forget it. That elephant cost me thousands of dollars.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "I sleep in a big bed with my wife."
"Around the loop of death...And out the mail slot! Then it's the yard's problem.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "Ah, uh-hum. Let's see. Ah. The exports of Libya are numerous in amount. One thing they export is corn..."
Marge Simpson said: "Grampa, that's the commissioner of football!"
Homer Simpson: "I wanna live!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Yeah, sure, for you a baby's all fun and games. For me, it's diaper changes and midnight feedings."
Marge Simpson replied "Bart!"
"Ohhh, right, right. The fake marriage thing. How's that goin'?", Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, yes, I am shopping for Maggie, our baby together, so this looks perfectly innocent." Homer Simpson responded.
"I'll call poison control. Fran, it's me. Just a heads-up." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Remembrance of things fast?", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Why don't you just kiss her?"
"Full house, jacks over twos. Ha ha-ha, read 'em and strip, Barn.", Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson said "I'm on it."
"It's like our honeymoon all over again. Aw, we even have the same bum looking at us." Homer Simpson responded.
"I don't know. I'm trying to sleep." Marge Simpson said.
"I'm so bored, I figured out where the wallpaper pattern repeats." Homer Simpson answered.
"I don't wanna say it's ugly, but PETA called and said we should kill this one." Moe Szyslak responded.
"Quick, Moe! Marge cut off my thumb!" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "Yep. Pick up another one."
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh no you don't!"
"Well no... but he's not a rabbi. More of a Flabbi.", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "Just think of what we can do with that moolah."
Lisa Simpson: "Mom, did you sleep well at your sisters'?"
"Lookin' good. And I did it all without wasting money on one of those stupid welder's masks." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "Milhouse, why are you acting so crazy? Did your imaginary friend try to kill you again?"
Seymour Skinner said: "It's me, Chief. I'm on the other extension."
"Your mother and I were dating and we had just moved into our first apartment together." Homer Simpson said.
"Yeah, but I really wanna...", Bart Simpson replied.
"Gimme some quarters. I'm doing my laundry." Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, Homer. I'm so ashamed." Marge Simpson replied.
"Why does everyone around here talk that crazy talk?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, yeah, this is the life. Boy, next summer, can you commit some fraud in Orlando, Florida?" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Nooo... Goliath Two is gonna pay. And this time it's biblical."
Homer Simpson said "Wait, wait, wait, Marge. If honest and open is what you like, get a load of this. I'm not really in any French class. This was just a brilliant scheme to get to know you better."
"Look at Moe dance! ALOHA MOE...", Homer Simpson answered.
"It's the Goodwill truck!", Bart Simpson answered.
"Sure!", Ned Flanders replied.
"Well, if that's how you feel, I'll take it back." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "Where's the hose?"
"Sure there are downsides. But a relationship can't be all hand-holding and restaurant desserts.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Howdy. And thanks for not recoiling in horror."
"Everything from Hop on Pop to Death Be Not Proud. It's so tragic, the way they hopped on pop.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Shut up, boy."
"Oh, I love you guys.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh my God! What have I done?!"
"It's crap-tacular." Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Why would Bart escape if he's gonna be released in two weeks?"
Ned Flanders said "Thank you, Homer."
"Song's over, Dad." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Holy moly, we can't stay here. It's full of raccoons."
Bart Simpson replied "Can I come in?"
"Bart, you are a wild heck-raiser. And I don't want to see you turn into that." Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Sure we can. But let me go first. Everyone knows you're the future of this family."
Homer Simpson replied: "Now I'm over here!"
"Kent Brockman?!", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Oh, you beautiful man."
"You're like all Easter Bunnies -- can't take a punch to the crotch! Maybe next time you'll think twice before you volunteer to help children. Oh, hey Marge." Homer Simpson said.
"Rafting, eh? It's a perfect way to entertain them. Finally, humanity has found a use for water." C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson answered: "And some pogs."
"Wow." Homer Simpson answered.
"All finished, boy.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, I spit my gum in there.", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson: "It's gonna be a let-down going to school tomorrow. We have to make a pilgrim out of felt."
"It's raw veggies, they're supposed to be cold!", Lisa Simpson said.
"Huh?", Bart Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner: "Consider yourself suspended, mister. Willie, take him to the big house -- where he lives."
Marge Simpson replied "Why are you doing this? Why can't you accept that I'm here with someone else?"
"All my other senses are getting sharper. Bart, you had pizza for lunch. Lisa, you're extremely depressed." Homer Simpson said.
"Homer, what's going on? The violin, pants with a crease, why?", Marge Simpson replied.
"Hey, hey, no fightin' in my bar.", Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson replied "Oh yeah."
"Princess, why did you put on that coat? You're obviously cold. May I escort you to the radiator?", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Wait, what's that smell? It's like a stalk of broccoli fell in a pot of boiling water."
"Mr. Burns! Where's Mr. Smithers?", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "Don't give up on Buck. There must be something about him that attracted you in the first place."
"Oh for God's sakes, Homer, it's an empty threat." Marge Simpson answered.
"Ooh, he's controlling me with my hair, using me to cook a delicious sole meuniere with a celery root puree and carrots Vichy." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "It's always my kids."
"Ah, July fourth-- No fireworks?! Can't this stupid city entertain me one night a year?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Hi, Chester. Listen, would you pay to make more Itchy and Scratchy cartoons?" Bart Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner replied "My God, the whole thing's made of breadsticks!"
Bart Simpson replied: "...is eternal pati... pat-eh... pa-tie..."
Homer Simpson replied "I do not!"
"I gotta get a job before Marge finds out I was fired.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "RAINDROPS KEEP FALLING ON MY HEAD..."
"All right, but after Leno I'm all laughed out you know." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "I don't wanna ruin the magic and I certainly"
Homer Simpson answered "Marge, when you're married to a midnight towboy, you might not see him for days on end."
Homer Simpson responded: "Yes... uh... maybe I'll just come back during someone else's shift... Is Claire working today? She's a real sucker."
Moe Szyslak said: "Wow, a number on the curb? That really classes the joint up."
"Hold on. I'm still fine-tuning." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "No problem. There's plenty of activities inside."
Moe Szyslak answered "I'll tell you where you should put your money. The one safe place left in this world of woe:"
Homer Simpson responded "I am sorry I suspected you of being soulless murderers of innocent children. I hope we can move past this and..."
Lisa Simpson said "I guess I'll have to. Then I'll be queen of the world! Of spelling. That's right, queen of the world! Of spelling."
"Chesty LaRue.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "I'd better get ready -- I'm next!"
"Mr. Musk, before you go, is there anything you could do to give a little girl hope that the world of the future won't be as grim as all our current movies forecast?", Lisa Simpson replied.
"You know, when I was a girl, I always dreamed of being in a Broadway audience.", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "People learn from their mistakes and your father made so many mistakes. And now, Patty and Selma are here to help us decorate with their new love-bots."
Marge Simpson replied: "Well... you might say we're going to the best steakhouse in the whole universe."
"Don't worry, Bart. It seems like every week something odd happens to the Simpsons. My advice is to ride it out, make an occasional smart-alec quip and by next week we'll be back to where we started from, ready for another wacky adventure." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Safety first.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "Dad!! Your hand is jammed in the toaster!!"
Homer Simpson replied "I'm here to break a world record. What's the longest anyone's ever done this?"
"Old man... I'm not an old man... This drawing doesn't think I'm old." Homer Simpson replied.
"Hmmm... The only thing that still doesn't make sense is why the dog attacked me." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "Can't you just do what I say?!"
Homer Simpson answered: "C'mon, if Art Garfunkle could forgive that untalented twerp Paul Simon, you can do this."
"Wait! Wait!" Bart Simpson replied.
"Homer, it's two a.m.! What happened?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Uh, but could you add a bacon nose? Plus bacon hair, bacon mustache, five o'clock shadow made of bacon bits... and a bacon body." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "You don't want a Christmas tree? That's crazy! Next you won't want a Christmas ham."
"Hi." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered "Oh, Roger! You really know what you're doing!"
"And, uh, Bart, you'll be a tackle." Ned Flanders answered.
"As usual, the playground has the facts right, but missed the point entirely. Sushi is considered quite a delicacy.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Ohh, why are people always trying to kill me?"
Marge Simpson: "Lurleen Lumpkin has a hole in her heart, and I'm gonna fill it."
"Ohh, Dad, you're sitting on my arm.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "If you haven't sprung from, or aren't married to my loins, get the hell out of this house!"
Homer Simpson said "I think he gets it. See, he--"
Lisa Simpson replied "Dad? Are you okay?"
"That's no fun." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "You said the breakfast table."
"Yeah, that's how I feel about Notre Dame football.", Homer Simpson said.
"Ah, you guys are some k..." Homer Simpson responded.
"Did you buy this car with your stock money?" Homer Simpson said.
"The gremlin's taking off the wheel! Stop the bus or we're all gonna die!", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "My back!"
Marge Simpson answered "Although I guess this would teach her sharing and caring, but... we're going home."
"Oh, forget it!", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said "Mini toothpaste."
Marge Simpson answered: "Would you boys like to play tennis?"
Homer Simpson answered "Ohhh, it's no use. I can't work like this, cut off from the scientific community."
Homer Simpson said: "Just poke blindly at the controls until they let you go."
Homer Simpson replied: "Mmm... pistol whip."
"Hey, I see you're watchin' the ball game. Looks like a good one. Any of you involved in any illegal activity? Cause I could sure go for some.", Homer Simpson said.
"Bart ate a tainted burger!" Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "Homie?"
"Maggie. Oh. Cute.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "Bart!"
"It's my first day.", Homer Simpson said.
"You know, it says here that Grampa has to remain in the house, but we don't. How about a family outing?", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "I gotta hand it to Artie Ziff, Marge. That little nerd saved my life."
"You there, boy! What day is this?" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Marge Simpson responded "Just imagine what we can do with this place."
Moe Szyslak said "Yeah, we ran out of floorboards there, so we painted the dirt. Pretty clever."
"I know this obsession with thinness is unhealthy and anti-feminist... but that's what a fat girl would say!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Good news, everybody. Because I endangered lives, we can fly anywhere we want.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Crap rock?", Bart Simpson said.
"Yep, there I go. Then came the rocks. Jagged rocks. Hitting me with their jags." Homer Simpson answered.
"Okay, time to go back in the... night-night... This is harder than it looks... don't you humiliate me in front of my kid... I thought we had a deal, man!" Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner replied "Oh, just get it out of here!"
Bart Simpson said "Okay, thanks."
Marge Simpson said "We can't go on fighting with Olde Springfield. These people are our neighbors. We see them every day."
"Bart, you're a little young to be growling at seven foot Chinese ladies." Marge Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak said "Hey, you-you wanna see me uh, dislocate my arm? Take a look at this."
Bart Simpson responded "There's nothing cooler than calling yourself cool."
Marge Simpson said "Excuse me. I had this spot first."
"No, you shut up." Bart Simpson replied.
"I made a bad mistake and Lenny sent me home to think about what I did. But I don't remember what it was so I'm watching TV.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Man, those are some funky-lookin' birds." Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said "Now you're making your own alcohol? That's even more illegal than what you were doing before!"
Bart Simpson said "Nah."
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, my leg! This is the worst pain ever! Stop pummeling me! It's really painful! Owww!"
Bart Simpson replied "That'll hold me. At least 'til I get my hands on some kind of explosives."
Marge Simpson answered "No street curs!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Let me just grab one more shrimp."
"Boy, you can see everything from Mount Springfield. The Squidport, the old monorail..." Lisa Simpson responded.
"So, now you think you can just waltz in here and buy everybody a beer?" Moe Szyslak replied.
"Wow. Mental note. Don't overdo this." Homer Simpson answered.
"Homer, how are we doing with those cots?", Marge Simpson said.
"I'm not Superman." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "Me too."
"Dad, maybe you should stop praying. See if that makes It happy." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "I had to! Or Moe's would stay closed forever!"
"Would a silly billy sit like this?" Ned Flanders answered.
"Everything's a flavor in the kitchens of today!", Homer Simpson said.
"Noooo!" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "Tree falling in the woods. Tree falling in the woods. Tree falling in..."
Marge Simpson answered "No, I'm afraid I agree with your father."
"Hi, Mom. Aw, that's great news about Lisa. Well listen, I'd better get to get back to work." Bart Simpson responded.
"Well, I guess that'll make things more interesting for you now, won't it?" Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "Hello?"
Homer Simpson said "Uh..."
"Lazy Romans." Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "No, it makes you look like a tool of government oppression."
Homer Simpson answered "Lenny, are you watching this?"
"Ooh, let's pick him up!", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "So long, Seymour. Gimme a jingle sometime."
Bart Simpson replied "Focused..."
Bart Simpson answered: "/ Get your hands off of me, you fat ass--"
Homer Simpson responded "Remember? Who could forget?"
"Oh, honey, don't be so naive. That's how the world works. Sure, the mayor takes a few bribes, but he also makes the trains run on time." Homer Simpson answered.
"I am not Krusty." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Marge, there're so many mysteries that I need to have solved."
"Don't have a cow, man!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Hey cat, get your own pants!"
"I'm wailing out for the homeless family living out of its car. The Iowa farmer whose land has been taken away by unfeeling bureaucrats. The West Virginia coal miner, coughing up his...", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "Now did you check the room to make sure you haven't left anything?"
"Hmmm, this is good." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Let's go where it's quiet."
"Dad, where'd you get that outfit?" Lisa Simpson said.
Ned Flanders said: "'Cause everyone in this town makes such a big heckabaloo out of everything."
"It was the best Thanksgiving ever. I mean, emotionally, it was terrible. But the turkey was so moist.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Oh my God! That's his lucky red hat!"
"I guess.", Marge Simpson said.
"I can't believe you wasted our money on fruit." Homer Simpson said.
"But don't worry. I've got a name all picked out for you.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Why do you mock me, oh Lord?"
"Well, I could use a muffin.", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "They left a message right here."
"I see. I also understand bowling expressions.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "I don't know if toy drunkards are an appropriate gift for a baby."
Bart Simpson said: "Constable Wiggum likes to act tough. But he also likes to walk the beat in control-top pantyhose?"
"That constable is ticketing my car!" C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Our lives are ruined!" Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "Bart! You're just pretending to know what I'm talking about."
"What am I doing wrong, Little Vicki?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Women and shoes, am I right?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "I'm gonna treat Marge to a romantic dinner, to make up for all my shortcomings."
"Flanders? I don't know... I mean, you haven't done anything for me since you lent me that five thousand bucks yesterday.", Homer Simpson answered.
"I know -- I got your message.", Marge Simpson responded.
"You awful man. Stay away from my son.", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "Oh, honey, don't panic. If you just made a few lifestyle changes..."
"Mm, thank you." Marge Simpson said.
"Well, if they're gonna stomp on my dreams, the least I can do is go out in a blaze of sour grapes." Moe Szyslak responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "How can you even think of releasing Sideshow Bob?"
"Lisa, you like homework. Could you fill out this form for me?" Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "It's not good! None of it's good!"
"No thanks. I'm gonna stay in the library and do a little reading.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Hey Marge, uh, you care for a tropical drink?", Moe Szyslak replied.
Bart Simpson answered "Who wants to build character. Let's quit."
"Why, you little --", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "Homie, where did you get that ball of money?"
"We're doomed!", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "Mom, Mom, Mom!"
"That banner has really paid for itself over the years.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "You really mean it?"
Lisa Simpson: "But Dad, if I don't show up in a rubber suit shaped like the state of Florida, I'll be the laughing stock of the whole school."
Homer Simpson responded "Tell us more about this feast."
"Professor Digglesby's wand! Now I have every wizarding stick from the Spells and Potions Department of Wagglepoofs Academy!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Now, Flanders, I want you to..."
Bart Simpson answered: "Hey, Dad, you got a power drill?"
Lisa Simpson: "You're thinking of bears, Mom."
"Look, Flanders. I'm always interested in talking about free milk. And if there's cookies involved, so much the better.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "He's causing us all to yell!"
"Aww. He can crawl up through my toilet any day.", Marge Simpson responded.
"So long, sucker." Bart Simpson responded.
"Blue pants power!", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Haw haw, loser!"
Homer Simpson responded "Oh my God!"
"Five, six / Who's got tix?" Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Sorry."
"What do I do?" Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Why don't you read to us now?"
Marge Simpson responded: "You should have called. I was very worried."
"Lord, I think I may have finally reached him..." Ned Flanders said.
"No, but he told us to say hi. Hi!" Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "That's us. Do you think you could reproduce the key in this photo?"
"We have to do something about it!" Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "That's why I got duplicates!"
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Well, well. If it isn't the Tardy Boys and Nancy Clueless."
Homer Simpson responded "I read you loud and clear."
"We killed an innocent man. We're murderers! Murderers!", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, I knew it!"
Bart Simpson replied: "Ne-e-ed, I'm ba-a-ack! Give me a ki-i-iss."
"No.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "From now on, I want you to be honest with me. I mean, I'm not perfect, right?"
Bart Simpson said: "I willll!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Why that little liar! I should... and I was gonna play pickle with him."
"It's a miracle! You recovered!" Homer Simpson said.
"What did I tell you? I'll bet it's filled with diamonds, rubies, sapphires, pearls...", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "The customer's always right. That's what everybody likes about us. Now mush!"
"When we see each other again you'll be an old man and I'll be a baby!", Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Oh Lilah, even at the end I waited too long. What if I give her the breath of life?"
"Leave me alone! I have shares to crop!" Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "I'm awfully sorry."
Homer Simpson said "Mail call! Gather 'round, everyone!"
Homer Simpson replied "We'll do our best, honey. Now let's get goin'."
"Son, I know it hurts. I still remember my first lifetime banning..." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "What do you like about him? He's just a good-lookin' rebel who plays by his own rules."
"This is not a good time." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Look, you can either accept science and face reality, or you can believe in angels and live in a childish dream world." Lisa Simpson answered.
"I'm okay." Homer Simpson responded.
"Thank you.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Okay... okay.", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "Somebody does care!"
"That's right, I'm a witch! And I'm the one who withered your livestock, soured your sheeps' milk and made your shirts itchy." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Moe, my family's gone, my dog hates me, and I can't remember what happened last night. Was I here?"
Homer Simpson replied "Simpson men get the job done!"
"What are all our friends names again?" Homer Simpson replied.
"I'm afraid so." Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "Yiddle my man, you're a genius."
Marge Simpson answered "Which one?"
Lisa Simpson answered "I never dreamed an American car designed in Germany, assembled in Mexico from parts made in Canada, could be so amazing."
Homer Simpson answered: "I can't see anything in this fog."
"Must kill Moe. Wheeeeee! Must kill Moe. Wheeeeee!", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Who could have done this?!"
Marge Simpson answered "I was really starting to enjoy Ethnic Mismatch Comedy #644. I've never heard so many Viagra jokes in thirty seconds."
"We're going to have to be good parents to our son and work twice as hard on our marriage.", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "Heh, heh. They're finally paying me for this."
"Shut up and kiss me." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Sorry, sorry. My fault."
"Oh!", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Honey, maybe you should relax a little?", Marge Simpson responded.
"Bart picks one of the smoothies and drinks it -- maybe he had the broccoli, maybe he didn't. No one knows, so neither of you has given in, and this horrible impasse can come to an end.", Lisa Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Now, hold perfectly still for seventy-eight minutes..."
"I remember him." Marge Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner responded: "Excuse me, I have an emergency page from mother."
Bart Simpson answered "Nope... Nope... Nope..."
"Like the one in Berlin?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Wait-wait-wait-wait-wait. There's an easy way to get rid of Chester without the guilt of sending him back to the gutter.", Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Well, this whole fatherhood issue could be resolved with a simple DNA test."
"Okay. Uh... you know, up close you're kinda cute." Marge Simpson answered.
"I went on a wild ride without ever leaving the building. How was yours?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Ooo, this robe's pretty soft." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Bo-ring!"
Homer Simpson responded "It's Patty."
Homer Simpson answered "Okay, I'll make a stranger love me forever."
"Finally, someone who does whatever I say.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Yup, I Al-Gored it pretty good. Where's my Grammy for audio book narration?" Homer Simpson answered.
"What are you doing?!", Marge Simpson responded.
"What the?! My car?! Milhouse?! Nutmeat?!", Homer Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak said "Hold on. I'll check. Hugh Jass, Oh, somebody check the men's room for a Hugh Jass."
Homer Simpson responded: "Right back atcha, buddy."
Bart Simpson replied: "You know what -- I think I'm good."
"Food fight!", Bart Simpson replied.
"How can he rebel? He doesn't even know where he is.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Yesss, they are a clever bunch. I know, I'll squeal for you. To their parents." Homer Simpson replied.
"Besides, it's not just his chisled good looks. People magazine says he's a devoted father, goes to church every week, and likes to fix things around the... Homer, let's make love!" Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "What? Well, I got news for you, Mister. You can't quit! You're cut! You too, Milhouse."
"So, uh, you still want to go out?" Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Hey, that looks like fun."
"Hi, Larry." Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "Homer, where have you been?"
Lisa Simpson answered "Hey, where'd they go?"
"Oh, it's too tight! Take it off! Take it off! Take it off!", Homer Simpson replied.
"owabunga!" Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "I just don't think you should get too excited about the woman who abandoned you for twenty-five years. You could get hurt again."
Marge Simpson: "Lisa, you look so successful. Like you're the wife of a businessman."
Homer Simpson answered: "That's a problem for future Homer. Man, I don't envy that guy."
"Bart! Come over here.", Homer Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner said "But not in them?"
"Well, this is the first I've heard about it.", Homer Simpson said.
"I have it going on." Seymour Skinner responded.
"Son, a lot of these youth organizations encourage parents to get involved in the activities--", Homer Simpson responded.
"Sorry, Moe. The place for my arm is around my wife." Homer Simpson responded.
"Don't wait up." Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded "Your work has really inspired me, Doctor. And I love your sensible ponytail."
"Sucker!" Bart Simpson replied.
"Woo hoo! I'm so glad to have my mom back! I never realized how much I missed her." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "Some of us have grammar school in the morning, you know."
Homer Simpson answered "And don't wake me up to land!"
"Oh great, here it comes -- all the boring things you've done since the last time you didn't kill us.", Bart Simpson responded.
"I wish this family was as close as the Flanders." Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said: "...and the Father-Daughter Dance."
Homer Simpson replied: "Well, so am I."
"True, true.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Daddy! We're so glad to see you!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"I'VE BEEN DRIVING ALL NIGHT, HAND'S WET ON THE WHEEL... THERE'S A VOICE IN MY HEAD THAT DRIVES MY HEEL... IT'S MY BABY CALLIN' ON THE TELEPHONE... I GOT SOME PIZZA AND I'M BRINGIN' IT HOME...", Homer Simpson said.
"Um, uh... Mr. Coleman, I've been thinking... My wife always makes too much stuffing and sweet p'taters and all, and... Aw, heck! Would you like to spend Christmas with us?" Homer Simpson said.
"You're so smart. Shock him.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Mom, come here. Bring money." Lisa Simpson said.
"All right, all right, mellow out, everybody. The Captain'll know what to do." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "/ Let's see move that there... do a flanking maneuver there... Wind should be coming in from the south... Time it to coincide with a beaver holiday..."
"Milhouse!", Bart Simpson responded.
"At the Dayton Arms hotel?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "Thanks, Mom. I'll start by taking my plate to the dishwasher...wherever that is."
"Hello? Tennessee State Police? No, my son's car was not crushed in Knoxville. I don't know where to begin telling you what's wrong with that." Marge Simpson said.
Ned Flanders answered "Oh, I see by the big board we've got a Negative Nellie in Sector Two. I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask the whole family to kinda freeze and prepare for re-Neducation."
Homer Simpson said: "I am? Whoo-hoo!"
Lisa Simpson answered: "What about me?"
"What the-?" Homer Simpson said.
"Lousy job. Nothing exciting ever happens.", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Well..."
"This party doesn't suck. Pizza, that's a nice touch.", Bart Simpson said.
"Well, okay, but, you know, just go a little bit easy on the...", Ned Flanders answered.
Bart Simpson replied "Grampa, look over there."
"Oh my God, Homie -- we're having a real conversation!", Marge Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner said: "Oh, I must have the wrong classroom. I was looking for my girlfriend, not Pam Dawber."
"Well, I ain't never said no to a dead girl yet." Moe Szyslak said.
"Shout!", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Free sample of fabric softener? Woo hoo!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Spare my family. Take me. Take me!", Homer Simpson responded.
"What do you mean?", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "No!"
"Good. I'm glad. And that's what makes me cool -- not caring, right?" Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "Well, Jack here will do great work for you."
Homer Simpson responded: "It could be one of these chemicals here that makes him so smart. Lisa, maybe you should try some of this."
Homer Simpson answered: "Are you done? 'Cause I've been circling the funeral home for ten minutes."
"That's the angry one.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Now, everyone onto the hot tub." Homer Simpson answered.
"Baby, promise me you'll find out who turned me in!", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "Nooooo!"
Ned Flanders replied: "He's the kindest, sweetest most generous man ever to drive through my living room."
"Hm, I think I'll look for a new handbag..." Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "Bart... you do know what happens next."
"They're not getting married!" Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "Okay, you gave your word, you're going to visit him, no excuses."
Homer Simpson replied: "Hey! Hey! Hey!"
Homer Simpson responded "For the ninth time, no!"
"Bear Patrol Tax: $5?! What?! This is an outrage! It's the biggest tax increase in history!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Uh, Marge? 'Scuse me. Uh, I think I need a reboot."
"You're crazy!", Bart Simpson answered.
"Ooh! Ooh! I wanna ride the bumper cars!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Hey, Barney, what'll it be?", Moe Szyslak responded.
"But then I won't be watching TV. You can see the bind I'm in." Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "No, no, something fun. Something the men will enjoy like a safety drill! But what kind?"
Lisa Simpson said "He tried to kill our puppies."
"No he's not.", Marge Simpson said.
"This is great! They're really gonna sell our doll.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Don't worry, boy. They'll find your parents soon." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "I'm stronger than I've ever been! I don't have to go back inside. I'm not afraid!"
"But it's my car.", Ned Flanders said.
"But we don't need to come back. We saved the church." Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said "But I am playing! I'm hop-scotching from paragraph to paragraph, climbing the monkey bars of plot and theme."
Homer Simpson: "Son, I know you meant well, but that wasn't the right thing to do."
C. Montgomery Burns: "Deploy the cow catcher."
Homer Simpson: "Hmm... This could be useful..."
Marge Simpson said "Ned! Where are you?!"
"Science! What's science ever done for us? TV off." Moe Szyslak said.
"The water's gonna get cold!", Marge Simpson responded.
"I hate folding sheets.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "Listen, not that I've lost my skepticism, but I am interested in learning more about Wiccans. Are you a minority group as defined by Ivy League admissions?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Ooh, I would live in a big mansion?"
Marge Simpson replied: "Oh, isn't that sweet? He named it after his wife."
"Now, to absorb some local color through the magic of AM radio." Homer Simpson responded.
"If Esposito thinks he's going to muscle us, he's wrong." Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Danced the minuet of equality on a gossamer dewdrop."
"Yuck. Quit it, Dad.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Oh, I'm so hungry. Oh, why keep starving myself? No one cares." Homer Simpson answered.
"Ah, gee, you're kinda all over the place there, Homer. You need to focus here. You gotta think hard and come up with a slogan that appeals to all the lazy slobs out there.", Moe Szyslak replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "I'm not getting back in this car until you drive like a sane person."
Lisa Simpson said "Well, I think I can say with all humility, I am gonna be the best school president ever."
Homer Simpson: "You monsters! You followed us!"
"So, you think you know better than this family, huh. Well, as long as you're in my house, you'll do what I do and believe what I believe. So butter your bacon!" Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered "You make me feel that way too."
"It encapsulates America and makes history come alive!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Look, it's Mom!", Bart Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Oh, that's right. I have his memories because I ate his brain."
Homer Simpson replied: "Well, well, if it isn't Frick and Frack, Jack and Jill, Fred and Ethel, the Three..."
"Well, I know one thing you could do...", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "No problem. I'll need a sack and something sharp."
Bart Simpson said "Hmmm."
Lisa Simpson responded: "You're a member of the Stonecutters, Grampa?"
C. Montgomery Burns said "To our beloved Roz..."
Homer Simpson said: "Wait a minute -- he's a deadbeat dad, and yet he's getting as much love as me, a Dad too lazy to run away!"
"Who's the sucker now? Huh?", Moe Szyslak said.
"But they're so sweet." Homer Simpson said.
"Ooh, delicious.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Hey, my milk! I traded my math book for that!" Bart Simpson said.
"Celebrate your commonality. Some of us don't eat pork. Some of us don't eat shellfish. But all of us love chicken!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Yaaayy!" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "It's a crane. The Japanese believe they bring good luck."
"Stop this float!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Homer, I've never seen this side of you! But I like it..." Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "But according to your most recent biography, you only have one hundred million dollars today."
"I hear reading...", Seymour Skinner answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Yeah! Sock it to him, Horst!"
"Oh sure you can, sweetie. Just don't make a habit of it.", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "As long as you have absolutely no follow-up questions... yes. Yes, we are."
"You just made your second mistake, buddy boy!" Moe Szyslak answered.
"Oh no! They're gaining on me. Wait, I have an idea.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "The bee bit my bottom. Now my bottom's big! Oh!"
"Uh, it was an ACCIDENT, man. A terrible ghastly mistake! Ask anybody!", Bart Simpson replied.
"Indeed there will. Budgetwise, of course." Seymour Skinner replied.
"That's not a fairy tale. It's just something that happened to you at Moe's." Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "Thank you. Thank you, everybody. I'm going to do my darndest to uphold the principles and ideals this jacket represents."
Bart Simpson said: "I'll do it this afternoon..."
"What am I gonna do? Good ideas don't grow on trees.", Bart Simpson said.
"I can't believe Marge hasn't called me. Maybe I should go home." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "And, Oh, Oh, I don't believe I've tried the flying fish roe..."
"What did I do wrong?" Bart Simpson responded.
"I love you too, son. You know, boy, I don't think I've ever felt as close to you as I do right --", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "So you all hate me?"
Homer Simpson responded "SMOKE ON THE WATER / DOO DOO DOO DOO / DOO DOO DOO DOO / DOO DOO DOO / DOO DOO"
"Gotta go.", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "And they seem awfully chummy."
"Tell Maude I want a fancy funeral. Big coffin. Lotsa jewels.", Ned Flanders responded.
"I'm so sick of names!", Marge Simpson said.
"That commercial is very effective.", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "Hey, man, watch it."
Lisa Simpson said "I love happy endings."
"It came with fries or salad." Lisa Simpson said.
"How could the publishers change our book? If they had been in charge of the Sistine Chapel, the whole thing would be vampires -- instead of the pope's private naked dude mural!" Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "That is just grotesque."
"Shut up." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "Bart, keep it together. People are looking!"
"Fine.", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "I think you misheard me."
Lisa Simpson responded: "It's the longest possible time before more church."
Bart Simpson responded: "Where'd you get it?"
Homer Simpson answered: "The perfect crime."
Marge Simpson responded: "Oh, honey. Seven-hundred and fifty dollars is a lot of money. We really can't afford this operation."
"Now I can make my escape..." C. Montgomery Burns said.
Moe Szyslak said: "Too late, already poured."
"Well, if you own a bar, you either keep it clean or learn to deal with inspectors. And Moe don't clean." Moe Szyslak said.
Marge Simpson replied "Hey! Hey, over here! Here, bully, bully, bully, bully, bully!"
"I'll get it in a second. Don't worry." Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "There's my name. Right there. Bart Simpson."
"Like which kid's their favorite! It's Lisa.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "What is the meaning of this?"
"Sweetheart, what's wrong?", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "I can't believe your boss lets you listen to rock music while you work."
"HERE IN MY CAR / I AM HOSING OFF BLOOD / SOME OF IT'S MINE / BUT MOST OF IT'S NOT / HERE'S MARGE...", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "I had the greatest gift of all, a little girl who could pick football and I ruined it."
Homer Simpson said "Ah, my first tow."
"I don't think so. You're all the way in Australia. Hey, I think I hear a dingo eatin' your baby.", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "Cue music."
Homer Simpson said: "Not funny. And the one in my pants really hurt."
"My prom date." Marge Simpson answered.
"That's why I don't listen to my brain. And away we go!" Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "Yeah, but they've still got plenty of pumpkins."
Marge Simpson said: "You're not my husband."
Homer Simpson said: "What are you doin'?"
Moe Szyslak: "Sorry, Homer. You should have thought of that before you gave me the old sugar-me-do. I'm taking your caricature down from Mt. Lushmore."
Homer Simpson replied: "Son-of-a!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, you hate lotus flowers, too? Oh, don't get me started on Lotus flowers."
"Two goats.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Marge, I'm out of beer." Homer Simpson answered.
"How come Buck Mitchell's game is in the toilet again?", Moe Szyslak replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Oh my God, you found a loophole! Why don't you just put this much inventiveness into your work?"
"C'mon guys, knock it off!" Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Why thank you, Billy."
"Eyes? What the hell are you talkin' about?", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "Oh... Just once, I'd like a parrot to say that to me."
"Let's go." Homer Simpson responded.
"These people are always grinding against each other, and I think they're all related. I wish we'd never come." Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded "Two million."
Bart Simpson said: "Bingo."
Homer Simpson replied: "Marge, it's not what you think!"
Bart Simpson replied: "Cool!"
"Eh, you have any sugar around here?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Cool! High-tech security system.", Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "When did you start liking Thai food?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh, college boy, eh?"
"Eat my shorts, young man.", Seymour Skinner replied.
"Whoa! Ow! What's this?" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "'TIS THE SEASON TO BE JOLLY..."
Moe Szyslak replied: "I'm afraid so."
"Oh honey, I'm so sorry we sent you on that psychotropic hayride.", Marge Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner: "If only we had the exact date."
"Uh, Miracle Boy?", Homer Simpson replied.
"One stinkin' letter? Why'd you make us gather 'round like that?", Bart Simpson answered.
"This-this is Marge's bra. I bought it for her boobs!" Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "These badges will get us into any of the independent movies playing at Sundance."
Homer Simpson said "Fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight."
Lisa Simpson replied: "AND WHERE SHOULD IT NOT GO?"
Moe Szyslak replied: "Aw, that's okay, Barn."
"Oh, my God.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "Dad's underwear!"
Marge Simpson replied "Till the two of us are back on track, Bart can fend for himself."
Homer Simpson answered: "Ah, sorry Bart, Lisa and I are going out for gelato. We'd ask you to come but, you know..."
"But sweetheart, I have something they didn't have -- a good feeling about this.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Because she took the trouble to wander away and talk to a stranger."
Homer Simpson said: "Dos Selmas? Ay-yi-yi!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, I can't wait any longer. Hold on, Marge. I'm comin' home, baby."
Homer Simpson: "No. From now on, walking is my beer. And feeling good is my hangover."
"So you didn't buy our weekly ticket?", Moe Szyslak said.
Seymour Skinner responded: "Oh, Things have changed. There will be no mockery of your name, Mr. Glasscock."
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "-ue with the sad sto-"
Homer Simpson replied: "Honki da yo?!"
"Respect?! Nooo! It was me! I made the crank call. I do it all the time. Check with the FBI, I have a file. I HAVE A FIIIIILE.", Homer Simpson said.
"Wow!", Marge Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders answered: "Righty-o!"
Homer Simpson said: "I don't get it."
"Only if it lasts forever.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Now before I abandon you in this cornfield, does anyone remember the way home?"
Homer Simpson replied: "I'll tell you when you're older."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Wow, it's like Woodstock. Only with advertisements everywhere and tons of security guards."
"Slimu! Did you get my letters?", Moe Szyslak said.
Bart Simpson responded "Ay carumba!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Everything's perfect about the past except how it led to the present!"
"Hey, Red Hot Chili Peppers. Would you guys like to appear on a Krusty the Klown Special?", Bart Simpson replied.
"One... two..." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Okay, here's the plan. This model car represents my car, huh? And this olive is you. Now...", Moe Szyslak responded.
Homer Simpson: "Man, you work as a silhouette model for one day and it haunts you for the rest of your life."
Bart Simpson answered: "Hell, no."
Lisa Simpson replied: "He's my Dad."
"Leeches!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Eh, I don't need one." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Where's your mother?"
Marge Simpson answered "Could you at least tell me what you're planning to do with me?"
"I knew you'd try to find something wrong with my comet Lisa. You've always been petty and small. Right from the beginning." Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "We better go."
"What kind of accident?", Marge Simpson said.
"...Y'know, I wouldn't mind Homer lying naked in his hammock, but does he have to string it up higher than the fence line?", Ned Flanders said.
Homer Simpson said: "Just let me put my hands under your armpits."
Lisa Simpson said: "Yes! I'm thrilled! We've regained our family honor and we're one-sixty-fourth black!"
"Yep, the four Muntzes!", Moe Szyslak answered.
Bart Simpson answered "Don't worry! Our dog'll find my Dad! We need you, boy!"
Homer Simpson: "I didn't need that new fact! Now I forgot who won Bud Bowl Eight. Boy, I'm pulling you outta that crazy school!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Nice to meet you, Stuart."
Homer Simpson responded "See, Marge? Our lives are so much better now!"
"Listen up, ring-a-ding-dingers. I'm throwin' a little sip 'n' quip at the Playdude Treehouse. Saturday night, at the top of the ladder. Be there or be square." Bart Simpson said.
"Maggie is allergic to strained pears, and she likes a bottle of warm milk before naptime...", Marge Simpson replied.
"Hey Lis, is Dad's credit card number 5784365343410709?", Bart Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner: "Ah, there's no justice like angry mob justice."
"Next." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"What?!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "They won't?"
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Oh, and Smithers... You have twenty-four hours."
Homer Simpson: "Oh, I always wanted to be a teamster. So lazy and surly. Mind if I relax next to you?"
Marge Simpson replied "Homer, I don't even want to look at you right now."
"C'mon, we're takin' over the school!", Bart Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "The watchdog of public safety. Is there any lower form of life?"
"A compliment!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Allo, you are getting cozy with Sarkozy."
Bart Simpson said: "Aaagh! Man lips!"
Lisa Simpson: "Mm. Mom's not gonna like that."
"Yes way." Homer Simpson answered.
"Ay caramba, que mujer tonta! Veinte horas estudiar por nada!" Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Phew!"
"Are the credits transferable?", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "What?"
"That's Sideshow Bob!", Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "Homie, what are you doing? You don't know how to fly!"
Homer Simpson: "Bart! Where'd you get that shirt?"
"Oh, Dark Stanley would never dare attack a crowded, well-lit--" Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "I knew it was a bad idea to watch him open the mail."
Homer Simpson said: "That's no way to address Sir Drinks-A-Lot."
"You'd better hope not, 'cause you know what comes next? Your worst nightmare: a baby sister.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Not at all."
"Well, I don't like this movie. And I'm going to boycott your financier... Mr. Burns.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Huh?... Wha ya?... Hey! You guys are dragging me up the mountain."
"This rope was woven from handlebar mustaches." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Vegetables?!"
"Rise and shine, everybody." Homer Simpson said.
"But then, for once in my life, things went my way." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson said "Sure it is, honey. You do mean stealing, don't you?"
"Homie, I've got a confession to make: I'm an erotic baker." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Look at those stupid city slickers, with their fur coats and pointy hats."
Marge Simpson responded: "And you could at least get that snake out of the piano..."
Marge Simpson answered: "I think that's enough birthday fun."
"No problem! Discover okay?" Ned Flanders said.
"His astrologist will show up at the same time as his astronomer! This is not good! This is not good!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Give seven hundred Krustyburgers!"
Homer Simpson: "Dammit! Well, I'll still do it. You suckers, I would have paid you."
Homer Simpson responded "Swiss cheese. Marge, how come you're not saying anything?"
Bart Simpson: "Uh, I think that's in Italy, Dad."
"Wait, Marge. Maybe if you're truly cool, you don't need to be told you're cool.", Homer Simpson said.
"Hello? Yeah he's here who is this? Bart's friend Milhouse. Bart! Get your butt down here!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Hey, sweetie. Marge said there was some family tension. And at Christmas of all times."
Bart Simpson answered "Are you willing to take that chance?"
"Mmm-hmm, it's Mr. Skinner now. I'm just a man. Bart, I want to apologize for the awkward position Edna and I put you in. Your... your help made our love possible. I don't know what we'll do without you. Well, so long.", Seymour Skinner answered.
"Hey Marge, here's something that'll make you happy!", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Oh... thank you."
"That one!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Well, I'm not gonna let anything happen to my two best customers. I'm joining too.", Moe Szyslak responded.
"What are you doing?! You're gonna get hurt!" Ned Flanders responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "You're an undercover cop?"
"How come?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Just think of them as twinkling stars." Homer Simpson said.
"Oh honey, don't be scared. Look, they killed the evil doll.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Hee, hee, hee, hee. That is funny." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Hm... Bart's birthday's coming up."
"Son, you can do anything you want. I have total faith in you.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Hired goons?" Homer Simpson said.
"Whose picture is on it?", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "I told her not to go into one of those."
Homer Simpson answered: "Truly God's country."
"I tricked them into thinking they had leprosy.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Homer, what are you doing?", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Wait one sec, Marge. Before you open it, you're gonna get a phone call that will make this your most awesome birthday ever."
Bart Simpson replied "Szechwan, eh? No wonder she's so spicy."
"Lisa, everyone knows dragons do not attack cars. Jeez, pick up a book.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "I don't know."
"Sheriff Lowbrow..." Lisa Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "End communication."
"No.", Bart Simpson responded.
"How were his test scores?" C. Montgomery Burns said.
Bart Simpson replied "Can't you give me anything for it?"
Bart Simpson: "Krusty?! Doctor Hibbert, who was that man?"
Homer Simpson answered "Sure! Believe me, every man in America will want to have one."
Ned Flanders said "I -- I think I hate Homer Simpson."
"I'll go make up the couch for you." Marge Simpson replied.
"Attention everyone. Please welcome our Valedictorian, Lisa Simpson. She will be attending Yale...I mean, Hot Dog on a Stick Management Camp." Seymour Skinner responded.
Homer Simpson said "No, the voters will decide that in November. I was talking about this."
Marge Simpson replied: "Uh... well..."
Bart Simpson replied: "Everything tastes better when it's lassoed."
Marge Simpson: "Oh, he's sunk even lower!"
"A-M-E-L-I-O-R-A-T-E. Ameliorate.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Sally Circle was eating donuts and Ovaltine when her father came in with terrible news.", Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "Sherri? Terri? Hopscotch? Double Dutch? Ringolivio? Anyone?"
"Woo! Yay, Homer!" Bart Simpson answered.
"This is not happening. This is not happening.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Uh-huh. So, anything else you want to talk about?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Oh, really..."
"Now, now, there are perks. A private cell, extra dessert... and this adorable little hat.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Yesssss! Oh yessss! Read it and weep. In your face. I've got more chicken bone!"
"Lisa, we got another postcard from your father!" Marge Simpson said.
"No, Homer.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Then I'll just stick by you in secret. Like a sockmaker secretly working on a top secret sock that...", Bart Simpson answered.
"Ooo, tres bien.", Marge Simpson responded.
"There's no handle on this side!", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "Sorry Bart, I couldn't do it! There's got to be another way."
Marge Simpson replied: "I think I'll speed through the cheering."
"It sure was nice of Mr. Burns to invite us for a midnight dinner at his country house in... Pennsylvania." Homer Simpson said.
"Dad, I'm not gonna fall for that.", Lisa Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Good Lord! That canary was supposed to be my pigeon. I need to find a patsy quick!"
Lisa Simpson said "At the risk of sounding like a broken record, yes, yes, yes!"
"I'm sleeping in the bathtub.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Who's alone in the vehicle?" Homer Simpson answered.
"I'm gonna see it first!" Bart Simpson responded.
"No, run around in circles!" Homer Simpson answered.
"I came up with the idea." Marge Simpson said.
Ned Flanders responded "Hmm. I seem to have mashed more hair into it. Oh well."
"How's it going, honey?" Marge Simpson answered.
"Can you help me with my self-esteem?" Moe Szyslak said.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "You've made a powerful enemy today, my friend."
"There's one right here!" Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "Dude, you know I'm good for it. I'll have plenty of money when my lawsuit pays off."
"Batting cage?" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Just sign your name above President Lincoln's."
"Oh, Why you little --", Homer Simpson answered.
"For once, we'll do what Maggie wants." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "And someone has eaten the flesh."
Lisa Simpson replied: "She's wonderful. I could feel her sweet country soul in every digitally-encoded bit."
Homer Simpson said: "And tell me I'm not fat."
Bart Simpson said "Where'd it go?! Where'd it go?! Oh, it's in the cap."
Marge Simpson answered "A teacher can't be a bully."
"There's gotta be something fun in my parents' closet." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Dad, I have a problem."
"That reminds me -- Troy said something interesting last night at the bar. Apparently he doesn't really love Selma and the marriage is just a sham to help his career. Well, enough talk. Let's snuggle.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "Maybe."
Lisa Simpson responded "That song is so lame."
Marge Simpson replied: "What are you saying, Homer?"
"Dad's on the log. Now Mom, you get the car and pull them to safety.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"And hanging Christmas stockings!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Wow, The Who!"
"I know, but I'm still not gonna do it." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Wait!"
C. Montgomery Burns said "But what?"
Seymour Skinner responded "Yes, that involuntary pre-conscious reflex I made in utero was unforgivable."
"From the Shelbyville Orphanage?" Homer Simpson said.
"Mozzarella! Parmigiano! Provolone! Pecorino! Gorgonzola! Fontina! Tallegio! Bocconcini!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Really? You mean eat cheese, gnaw through electrical cords, things like that?"
"Don't smart mouth, Lisa.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Check out this rocket ship cake, Marge."
"All right. Twelve big ones and free grub to boot. Viva skid row. Hey, it's that anchor dude from channel six." Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "Well... Homer ate the entire wedding cake by himself... before the wedding."
"Psh, that's no reason to block the TV.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "So Marge, pretty sweet, eh?"
"I tried to stop her but she overpowered me." Bart Simpson answered.
"Revenge? On Mr. Burns?", Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "I like to put my feet up."
"Sorry you broke up with your friends, Mom." Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded "No..."
Seymour Skinner said "Bart Simpson!"
"Now we can get the treasure!", Bart Simpson answered.
"All right, climb in.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Several days ago, a violent riot erupted, incited by an inflammatory T-shirt slogan." Seymour Skinner responded.
"I can't afford this place -- it's way too fancy." Homer Simpson answered.
"Hey, I'm a Buddhist!", Lisa Simpson said.
"Must kill family. ." Homer Simpson responded.
"Hang on, Homie. I'm gonna try to set her down." Marge Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders answered: "Can I come?"
Homer Simpson replied: "I'll be right out, honey."
Homer Simpson answered "Hold it! What's your clearance?"
"Can I help you, gentlemen?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Nobody carjacked me. I tried to pull a con and got conned myself. And then I lied to you all! So did Bart.", Homer Simpson said.
"I have to take Maggie for her checkup. And a guy's coming to see what the smell is under the house.", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "Ooh, talk to me, baby."
"Limited?!" Homer Simpson said.
"Well, I uh..." Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "Don't cry, sweetie. Everything's gonna be all right."
Homer Simpson answered: "Son, we all have to do things we don't want to. Like have jobs and families and responsibilities, and having to be Mr. Funny all the time -- You think I wouldn't rather be living nude in the forest? Like some ancient pagan! Just dancing around playing the pan flute! And here we are!"
Homer Simpson responded: "I'm here to see Mr. Ormand."
Bart Simpson said "You did it, Dad!"
Homer Simpson answered: "U.S.A.! U.S.A.! U.S.A.!"
Marge Simpson responded: "Shut up! It's an instructional website! Shut up!"
"Huh. Might as well clean this while I'm killing myself." Marge Simpson said.
"All right, Comic Book Guy, tell me my origin story.", Bart Simpson responded.
"There. We're officially a city. Now we just sit back and wait for an NFL franchise.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Why? It's just a cute little weasel. Hello there, Mister weasel." Homer Simpson replied.
"I'll give Dave your message." Homer Simpson answered.
"I feel like smiling.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Whoa! Look at me bein' polite!", Moe Szyslak said.
"Who?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "Stop it, stop it. Can't you see this barnyard noise guessing game is tearing us apart?!"
"That explains that." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Oh man, I'm never comin' down."
Bart Simpson responded "Bart Simpson."
"I don't know how to tell you this, but... I came down a little early and... um... well... uh...", Bart Simpson responded.
"Well, I expected a little argument.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Yeah. You know, that puddle started life as a bowl of cereal.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Dad, no! Think of the bike." Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "Homer, remember you promised you'd try to limit pork to six servings a week?"
"Y'ello! Lisa, you got a call from someone named Isabel." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Heh-heh-heh, I did it. Second in line and all I had to do was miss eight days of work."
Homer Simpson responded: "I know, ranch dressing."
"I don't see any anger. I see a yearning for freedom... Um, do you have a title?", Marge Simpson responded.
"We're safe because you have to climb steps to get up here.", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "One, please."
Homer Simpson: "If you love the Bible so much, why don't you marry it? In fact, I now pronounce you and the Bible man and wife. And you're the wife. You owe me two hundred bucks."
"Oh Marge, grow up." Homer Simpson replied.
"That four-eyes with the big nose? You don't need friends like that.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Uh... a blender cozy.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Okay.", Lisa Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak: "Why are you raggin' on me? I'm doin' just what you said."
"Aw, get lost, ya bloodsucking parasite. Wally and I have all the tickets we need.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "IT TASTES LIKE HOT STEAMING COCOA MIXED WITH RAINBOWS..."
"Got my whole week in there.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "C'mon, Dad. You made me mad so I got back at you. How was I to know parents had feelings?"
"Mm, I can't wait to see this. Be ready with the ribbon.", Seymour Skinner answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "I never thought of that before."
"Oh, Homie, you may have lost your show, but you went out in the classiest way possible. I'm proud of you." Marge Simpson replied.
"Yeah, right." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Your Honor, I'd like to be tried separately."
Bart Simpson said "I guess I should give this back to you."
"Dear Lord, bless this humble meal, and did you hear about Krusty? Whoa, man! I mean, I knew he was a player, but geez, a kid?", Homer Simpson responded.
"He seems fine. There is one bright side: I'm also forbidden from ever watchin' Fox." Moe Szyslak answered.
Homer Simpson: "My doctor says, and my garage mechanic agrees, that..."
Ned Flanders responded: "Ohhh, you want me to stamp your hand so you can get back in?"
"Put up your dukes, Homer.", Bart Simpson said.
"Lisa, it's not that bad.", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "I'm so sick of keys. They've brought nothing but good luck since I got them."
Marge Simpson said "Don't you mean Blocko shirt?"
Bart Simpson said "Mo-om, Lisa won't share."
Bart Simpson replied "Krusty, we need you to run for Congress."
Homer Simpson answered: "Relax, she just needs a little lovin'."
"...so I stayed up for the last eighty-seven hours watching all my shows." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Who are you?"
Ned Flanders replied: "Homer! This is my freezerino."
Homer Simpson answered "Ayyyy!"
Seymour Skinner said "No, Mother."
"Hey Flanders, how's business?", Homer Simpson responded.
"B plus?!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded "Hey! The incision in the coronary artery must be made below the blockage. Below!"
Marge Simpson replied "Lisa, look!"
"Why did I take it off? Oh, right. To see if I could skip it across Lake Michigan." Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "But it's not real happiness. It's just because of an untested drug!"
Homer Simpson responded "Hey! Mr. Burns needs our help!"
"BY THE BIG COOLING TOWER...", Homer Simpson responded.
"Get out, Homer.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Crazy scheme, crazy scheme, crazy scheme..." Bart Simpson answered.
"Dang that Bart! Thanks to him, I have to wear my backup dress which makes my arms look fat.", Marge Simpson replied.
"All right, forget it!", Moe Szyslak answered.
Homer Simpson responded "C'mon lads! Let's drive them back to the ocean!"
Marge Simpson replied: "I'm not afraid!"
Homer Simpson said "Now, ere's what makes art valuable: 1. Nudity. 2. Holograms. 3. Something terrible happening to Jesus."
"It was me! You fell for it!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "But you do get to express yourself. In the lovely home you keep, and the food you serve."
Bart Simpson replied: "Deal."
Homer Simpson said "That was just a practice shot, boy."
Bart Simpson responded "Hey, it worked on me."
"You never took me to that bar on the beach.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Huh?", Homer Simpson said.
"You guys, I swear I didn't do it." Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded "Low sodium!"
"Well, I'll be damned." Bart Simpson said.
"No!" Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "Mr. Murdock, my brother is thinking about jumping Springfield Gorge on a skateboard."
Seymour Skinner said "Simpson! Smock up!"
"Moms don't get lonely." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "I was rude to every one of you... and you saved my life, when you could have just left me to fry, like the proverbial pancake that I am."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Bart, the test is in two hours. And you haven't slept in a fortnight."
"I'm not Krusty." Homer Simpson answered.
"I think I'm going to do a little sleuthing.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "You know, there are only so many times I can say I'm sorry and still mean it!"
"I suppose you want a beer?", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"I MAY BE THE NEW GIRL / BUT YOU CAN'T BRAINWASH ME / JUST OSH-KOSH-B'GOSH ME / AND THEN LEAVE ME BE /", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Oh, you're a good boy. But the child labor people have been watching me like a hawk.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"The only reason Lisa won is because she learned to think like a boy! I turned her into a burping, farting, bullying, math machine!", Bart Simpson answered.
"How can I get her to notice me?", Bart Simpson responded.
"It was wearing a hat!", Marge Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "I see."
"Hey, Marge.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "Well, I guess you learned your lesson, so now I'll untie ya."
Homer Simpson said "All righty."
Lisa Simpson responded "Everyone does that."
Bart Simpson replied "He just needs to stay here till tomorrow. We're going down to Itchy and Scratchy Studios to pick up his check."
"She's brought her own orrery!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Just you and me?", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "Oh, this seems like such a waste. I mean, he was charming and witty."
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Ohh, don't worry about those fumes. They'll be sucked into that air vent."
Homer Simpson responded "Real."
"Hey, you're alive, aren't you?", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "Hey, can you believe it, man? My sister here made a whole pile of cupcakes to butter up her teacher, and she won't give anybody else even one measly little crumb!"
"Well, no one has ever has questioned my professionalism. Except at my profession.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "Backscratcher! Foot licker! Honor student!"
"You just increased the volume!", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Your turn."
"Why all the black?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Aw.", Homer Simpson replied.
"And later I'll teach you the tricks of the trade: taping your swimsuit to your butt, petroleum jelly on your teeth for that frictionless smile, and the ancient art of padding ." Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "Good baby."
Lisa Simpson responded: "You know, your movie's not all bad. If you cut out the stuff that didn't work, it would make a great short film."
"Homie, I disagree with your approach to the children." Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "Well done Bart, but in Brazil they speak Portuguese."
"Shhhh. Use your indoor voice." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Boy, let me explain the situation in terms you'll understand."
"Well, she's just a substitute. Maybe you could transfer Ms. Cantwell to another school." Marge Simpson responded.
"Are you guys working?", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "What? You never went hunting before, and you're perfectly straight!"
"Let's quickly prod him to the curb with this pool skimmer.", Seymour Skinner answered.
Ned Flanders replied: "And now to peruse the local news!"
Bart Simpson responded: "I'll give a valentine to a loser. I'll give a valentine to a dork. I'll even give a valentine to a girl. But I won't give a valentine to a bully."
Homer Simpson: "Hello. It's me, Lance Romance."
"No!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Must be the pipes. What do you think, Bart?"
"The Old City. Where B.C. turned into A.D.! Let's go!" Ned Flanders said.
Marge Simpson responded: "All right, I've got an idea -- but it'll take a lot of sewing."
"I guess.", Homer Simpson said.
"Hey, Dad, I see a ride that actually looks decent!", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "It's all in this book."
"How do you cope?" Lisa Simpson said.
"We're gonna have to track Randall Curtis down and make him listen to us." Bart Simpson said.
"Can't tie up the line, Grampa." Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "I know what the sun is."
"Wanna go home and celebrate?", Marge Simpson said.
"Fenetre." Homer Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders: "Ah, uh, Homer, we're gonna visit the boys' grandmother. Family only. You know?"
"Homer, that's not a good thing.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "I got 'em!"
Bart Simpson said "LET'S HIT THE FLOOR!"
Marge Simpson responded: "Not feeling well. Going to bed. Dinner and breakfast are on the table."
"Uh-oh.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "What's that?"
Bart Simpson said "You got it, Ceej."
Moe Szyslak replied "Oh, Homer."
"No. No, there it is!", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Homer, you tell me that all the time."
Marge Simpson replied: "Just cut the glass!"
"What? What? Hey!", Homer Simpson said.
"Those things?", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Run, you fool!"
Lisa Simpson answered: "I can't believe they cancelled us for this stupid..."
"Uh, I really don't wanna do that, Ned." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "Wow, you can't find this stuff anywhere! Seals and Crofts, Pablo Cruise, Air Supply, Ohhhh, Loggins and Oates! And it's free!"
"Hmm...", Lisa Simpson said.
"I was thinking of chicken wings.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Look, Homer won't want to go, so just ask him, and he'll say no. Then it'll be his fault."
"Hello, Mr. Bighorn Sheep!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Legend of the dog-faced woman! Oh, that's good."
Marge Simpson said: "Homer, what did you find out?"
Homer Simpson: "From what, too much hot fudge? Huh? C'mon Bart, show me some love!"
"Goodbye." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "Ay carumba!"
Seymour Skinner responded: "Yes. Quite a bit."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Eh, meltdown alert? Mad dog drill? Blimp attack? Ah, I think a good old fashioned fire drill today."
Lisa Simpson replied "We've gotta do something to help him."
"Oh well... we lost the money, but at least we've still got each other.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Whuth va hell ith going on heah?!" Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "The children are on Bus 23."
Marge Simpson replied: "Stow it, you two!"
"My butt looks so huge during perp walks.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "Are you going bowling again tonight, Mom?"
"Yeah. Getting back to my grade...", Lisa Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns said "This man is costing my health plan five thousand dollars a day. I demand that he die with dignity."
Lisa Simpson responded "Oh, yes, and he also set up hundreds of yellow umbrellas along the California highway..."
"The Museum of Barnyard Oddities.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Yoko! Yoko! Yoko! Yoko! Yoko! All you Yokos are out of the band!"
Marge Simpson responded "I'm going to bed."
"Hey, you can't have that--", Seymour Skinner said.
"I'm afraid all that attention is from the wrong kind of people." Marge Simpson responded.
"Hi, it's me again. I got another problem. Uh, this one's about my cat.", Moe Szyslak responded.
"And I thought Halle Berry went nuts during her acceptance speech." Bart Simpson replied.
"Well, Maggie, I've given this a lot of thought. I'm sure we can come to some sort of agreement." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Shutup! Shutup! If I don't hear you, it's not illegal. Okay, I need some deductions! Deductions! Ah! Business gifts!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Wait a minute! Are you two brother and sister?"
"Now what?", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "But I want to see it!"
"Homer! Gimme back my tree!" Ned Flanders answered.
"I'm aroused and confused." Homer Simpson responded.
"Bart!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered "But her forehead's on fire."
Homer Simpson said: "Good-bye Lisa, remember me as I am... filled with murderous rage."
Lisa Simpson responded "That was such an exciting night. Morley Safer has the biggest head I've ever seen."
Bart Simpson: "No fair! Dad gets to kill wild animals, but I shoot one bird and I have to go to a psychiatrist."
"No, no! You've already got your revenge!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Bart!!!", Marge Simpson replied.
"C'mon, Milhouse. Do you wanna play in the NBA or not?", Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "What's going on?"
"Okay, I'll pick a religion for me. Judaism." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Help, I'm being kidnapped!"
Homer Simpson: "Moe... Moe... Moe."
Homer Simpson answered "I want to, but I can't!"
"Two diplomats' sons are in love with me. Who will I choose: Ghana or Portugal?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson: "Arrrgh!"
Homer Simpson responded "Here, Bart, you can hold my beer."
"I'unno. Gasoline? Axes? I got some stuff in the trunk.", Homer Simpson said.
"Hey Lis, my music is going to make it a lot easier for America to swallow your big tax hike." Bart Simpson responded.
"He's such a bitch." Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "You're lookin' at him."
"They're chiropractors!", Moe Szyslak answered.
"I was just up at this bar in Spittle County.", Homer Simpson said.
"You know what you should serve, Marge? More of these lamb chops. These are the best ever.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Candlepin bowling? That's a great idea. We'll play right after I break your grandmother out of prison.", Homer Simpson answered.
"So, what do you think of my calf?", Bart Simpson replied.
"I don't care for silent auctions. It just encourages hovering.", Marge Simpson said.
"...we had a fight?" Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "What? They've got a point."
Homer Simpson said: "I'll just keep these then."
"Homie, you've got to stop looking for the quick fix. If you keep spending time with Lisa, she'll forgive you." Marge Simpson answered.
"I was thinking of something a little more... adult.", Marge Simpson replied.
"You think you know fear? Well, I've seen them naked." Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "So we'll take these supplies back to Springfield where they're needed most."
Bart Simpson replied "I cheated on the intelligence test. I'm sorry. But I just want to say that the past few weeks have been great. Me and you have done stuff together, you've helped me out with things, and we're closer than we've ever been. I love you, Dad, and I think if something can bring us that close, it can't possibly be bad."
"Really, Duff blimp? You really want me to?", Homer Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner responded "You're my only hope, Nibbles."
"Useless left-handed crap." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "Mom! You made it! How are you!"
Lisa Simpson replied "They are coming back for us, aren't they?"
Lisa Simpson: "If I didn't know better, I'd swear Bob was building a dam."
Homer Simpson replied "Mr. Burns... Can you make me thin again?"
Seymour Skinner said: "Sundance, the preeminent independent film festival held each January in Park City Utah?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh my God! He's got the precious cable TV cable!"
Bart Simpson responded: "Here, Milhouse, you go first."
Moe Szyslak replied: "Telephone."
"I want you to stop seeing her.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "H-Heyy, let me off this thing."
Bart Simpson answered "But..."
Homer Simpson replied: "Hey, where do you get those metal dealies for his feet?"
Bart Simpson replied "No, really. You're lazy and self-righteous..."
"Oooo... I need some more ether. I can still feel the movement of the emery board.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Bart Simpson said: "Second place!? Oh man, this'll just encourage her."
Homer Simpson said "Kids, look! Street crime!"
"Did you hear that, Homer?" Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "Sweetheart, a missing crayon could be anywhere."
Marge Simpson replied: "We came to this retreat because I thought our marriage was in trouble, but I never for a minute thought it was in this much trouble. Homer, how can you expect me to believe...."
C. Montgomery Burns said "Good heavens, she's some sort of female madman!"
Bart Simpson replied: "Dad!"
Homer Simpson replied "After lunch can I whip you?"
Homer Simpson said: "Hey, you guys wanna go bowling tonight?"
Marge Simpson replied: "It's only fair. We went to Europe when Lisa lost her balloon."
Bart Simpson responded "Some of it is."
"Bart! Milhouse!", Lisa Simpson said.
"Oh, yeah, yeah. Super.", Moe Szyslak said.
"Oh, now come on..." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Privately?"
"Sure you were, rummy.", Bart Simpson responded.
"You've got to set limits, Marge.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Not if I can help it, Lisa!", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "Like strip poker!"
"Barn, thanks for picking up the money for me." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "He can't admit he likes her till he's sure she likes him back. And there's only one way to find out."
"It's an ending, that's enough." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Listen, pal, you seem like an honest guy."
Homer Simpson responded "Who told you?!"
"This place is depressing." Homer Simpson replied.
"Lisa and I built your room.", Bart Simpson said.
"Oh, I don't even care." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "Where is everybody?"
Ned Flanders said: "Well, actually... as your landlord, repairs are my responsibility. I'll just get my tools..."
"Check this out: a dead possum." Bart Simpson answered.
"Okay, we have our choice of Rectangle Land, Cube Country or Squaresville.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Oh, no, I'm shopping for Homer Junior, a baby I delivered in an elevator the night I pretended to go to work but was really playing poker!"
Homer Simpson: "In the garage."
Homer Simpson answered "I hope this works..."
Lisa Simpson: "Hey, that's not gonna happen!"
Bart Simpson responded "Then I'll have been on every continent."
"No need for the blown gasket, Charlie! I'll have her back in one piece." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Really? You think I should get it washed?", Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Where's my monster, Tubby? What do you people think I'm paying you for?"
"Mom, I only hung out with you because I felt sorry for you!" Bart Simpson said.
"He certainly has, Dad. I learned a real lesson here today. Thank you. Dr. Hibbert.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Not there either. Over here."
Marge Simpson replied "Homer!"
"Why don't you just take my blood?", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Sorry! Sorry! Sorry! Do you want me to?" Marge Simpson answered.
"Hmm... no detention... fairly good attendance record... Oh, I see you beat that bed wetting problem in the second grade." Seymour Skinner replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "And look!"
Lisa Simpson replied "Huh. It's a pigeon."
Marge Simpson responded "See all that stuff in there, Homer? That's why your robot never worked."
"Nope.", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "Homer! Just because everyone else is doing the wave, doesn't mean you have to!"
"Yeah. Wiggum couldn't catch cooties at Milhouse's birthday party." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "A dollar. Let's go."
"Hey guys, great news -- I can drum again!", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "When I get home there are gonna be a lot of open pickle jars."
Lisa Simpson: "Father, I knew you'd rescue us!"
"Well sure I am. I always thought Grampa was lame, but he's really awesome!", Bart Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner responded: "Oh yes, of course. It's the reed."
"Oh, no worries. I heard on the four-square court she's doin' great.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Shouldn't you be at work right now?" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Eww! Knock it off!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "America."
"Uh, is crap-hole one word?" Moe Szyslak answered.
"Thank you." Marge Simpson answered.
"I know, but you're never supposed to tell the child.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Bartrand, where is your sister Joan? Morning bells are ringing. Morning bells are ringing!" Marge Simpson said.
"Heads!" Bart Simpson replied.
"Well, I'm sure some of you already know me. I'm Bart Simpson's mother.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Uh huh.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "Hello again, Principal Skinner."
Marge Simpson answered "Stay there, honey. We'll come back for you."
"The Broken Neck Blues.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Uh, sure looks that way... But at least Bart and Homer are spending quality time together.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Well you ain't seen nothin' till you've seen the Pre-Teen Braves.", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "Hey, that's my lucky red hat sitting on top of a double-corrugated, eight-fold, fourteen-gauge box."
Homer Simpson responded: "Wait a minute... Mom's ashes stopped that missile launch. Mom! You used me to pull one more stupid hippie protest, didn't you!?"
"Me? Uh, I'm... Ahmed Adoody.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Hey, stop talking bad about my town, man.", Bart Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Well, now that I'm forcibly retired, I feel I should give back to society and do some charitable work. But first, I want to take a lot of opium."
Homer Simpson answered "Boy, you're pretty pushy for a book I just met."
"Coming! I haven't forgotten about the sausage.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Mary Spuckler!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Two... one...", Homer Simpson replied.
"Lousy cops. Lucky for you I'm double-parked or I'd... There. Now, can I please have my motorboat?" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Fifty dollars? What about all the water you guys will waste with your bathing and showering and washing your clothes?"
"Marge, you're trying to hurt me!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "TV Town! Hammock Land!"
Homer Simpson responded "Yes, you're right..."
Bart Simpson responded: "You are playing. We're a team."
"What's snuggling?" Marge Simpson said.
"Listen, you're a smart kid. I bet you like ideas.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Well, it's always in the last place you look." Homer Simpson responded.
"Of course I do, Marge. Can you still love a man who's half-beer?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Uh, hi, I'm Moe S." Moe Szyslak said.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Well, maybe you'll have to hurt his feelings. The longer he lives like this, the harder it'll be to go back."
"What am I, the answer man? Just vote for me." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "You papier mache'd my cat?!"
"Dad, you're out of shape even for an American.", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded: "I'll have one of those."
"I don't want to talk about it.", Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "Quiet! It's time for the noblest Nobel Prize of all: the Peace Prize."
Moe Szyslak answered "Eh, might as well close the dump."
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, sure. Give me the one with all the monsters."
"Homer, you moron..." Moe Szyslak answered.
Lisa Simpson responded "Dad, maybe you could lead Bart's tribe."
"Then came the day we knew we were finished.", Homer Simpson said.
"I hate to be a bossy Betty, but I have to forbid you to eat its fruit." Ned Flanders said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Is it crispy?"
"No." Homer Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns: "And just so you know, she'll do anything for you. Anything except sex. And I do mean anything."
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "I'm afraid I'm not familiar with that term, you adorable little ragamuffin."
"It's her fault! She was suckin' all the gangsta out of everything!", Bart Simpson replied.
"I want to go on a pony ride, Unky Herb." Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Yes it is. It's very good and you're a good little baby. Yes you are."
Bart Simpson said: "Uh, Homer? It's five years later and I'm still miserable at school."
"Homer!" Marge Simpson responded.
"Whoo! oooh, oooh, Whooo hoo hoo!", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Moe Szyslak: "Wait a minute... Listen, you little yellow-belly rat jackass, if I ever find out who you are, I'll kill ya!"
Bart Simpson responded: "When he opens the door..."
"You didn't invent that, Bart. The Indians used to drink water to wake up early for their attacks.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Eat my lunch?"
Homer Simpson: "Does it go in the butt?"
Homer Simpson responded "What was it? 50-60 thousand dollars? ... Moe? Look, maybe it would help if you went over all the mistakes you made from the beginning... Moe?"
"I'll bet you have a lot of things planned, eh Dad?" Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Great licks man, great licks."
"Why are your keys in my scrambled eggs?" Bart Simpson responded.
"Oh no, it's the Apocalypse. Bart, are you wearing clean underwear?", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "I don't know! I invited everyone that Lisa's ever met."
"Come on, come on!", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "If she doesn't like coconut, you're screwed!"
Homer Simpson said: "I'm sleeping on Flanders' couch tonight. Ours is crap."
Marge Simpson responded "I hope you kept the Homie fires burning..."
Homer Simpson replied: "Yes..."
"Here's your room, ladies. You can catch some Z's while you earn those degrees.", Ned Flanders said.
Homer Simpson replied: "All right, guys. One, two, three."
"Hey, if you didn't wanna tie shoes, you shouldn't a become a shoe salesman." Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Prank you! Prank you very much!"
Lisa Simpson replied "Ew."
Marge Simpson replied "Well, I'm sure he'll be happy you came."
Seymour Skinner replied "Mother! You're alive?!"
"You don't have to tell me, I was number three. Listen, you have any pointers for a newbie?", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Son, I want you to know, no matter what anyone says, there's no shame in being caught alive."
"Moochin' war widows...", Homer Simpson answered.
"And for the first time ever, our computer lab actually has a computer in it." Seymour Skinner answered.
"I'm gonna order a steak dinner and eat it on the toilet!", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Oooh, this one looks very reputable."
Marge Simpson responded "Sorry, how long will he take to recover?"
"Juliet, you're scaring me just a little--" Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said "Aww, they're all so cute."
Homer Simpson said "No, these guys are geniuses. I could never think of something like soup or a pencil."
Homer Simpson replied "Some second degree burns, but some first class burgers."
Homer Simpson said: "Prove it."
"Oh, forget it." Marge Simpson answered.
"Really? Like what?" Homer Simpson answered.
"When did I ever teach you that?", Homer Simpson answered.
"UNDER THE SEA / UNDER THE SEA / THERE'LL BE NO ACCUSATIONS / JUST FRIENDLY CRUSTACEANS / UNDER THE SEA." Homer Simpson replied.
"Wait. Listen, everybody!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "Bart, you're in my family."
"He likes you." Homer Simpson said.
"Good night, losers!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Sorry, sorry." Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "At some point I think we should see a doctor."
Homer Simpson responded "Marge, sweetie, I'm not gonna lie. I must have tied one on at Moe's. If you have it in your heart, could you forgive me and totally blame my friends?"
"You know it's the darndest thing -- women love you when you've dated a movie star.", Ned Flanders replied.
"You're right!" Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "Focused..."
"Ohh!" Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "Homie, do you see anything?"
"I'll go outside and make snow angels.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Yeah, but there's something else. There's this loser staying in our house. Marge says she's gonna kick him out, but then she never does.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "Dad, you gotta let me see that movie. Can't you just give me a spanking?"
Marge Simpson: "What's going on here?"
"Aw, son.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "I'm the lame ass? The only lame ass on this boat is you and all the other lame asses."
"There's more than I thought!" Moe Szyslak responded.
"Lisa, look what I've got!", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded "How 'bout a little Marge Madness?"
"No." Homer Simpson answered.
"Bart, you promised me you wouldn't watch that trash! Now go to your room.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "You with the crane, spin around real fast."
"Hey, Homer! Care to try some of my Flanders Planters punch?" Ned Flanders said.
"Aw, shut up, Captain Bringdown.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Whoa, you blood-sucking freaks love your kids too?"
"Dad, I don't need advice, I need $15,000 to buy a home.", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "Well, we're supposed to do this without parental help."
Bart Simpson answered "What is this crap? Are you wearing a wire?"
Marge Simpson answered "CRIE? What does that stand for?"
Marge Simpson replied: "Oh, my little guy's out there in the hot sun without his sombrero."
"Who told? Marge! Beer me!" Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "Oh, that's great."
Homer Simpson answered: "Of course I know!"
"Marge, this is the greatest gift any wife has ever given her husband.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Relax, I built a bomb shelter."
Marge Simpson replied: "Stop it, Homer, that's inhumane! Use the choke chain!"
"Hoot! Hoot! Hoot! Hoot! Hoot!", Homer Simpson said.
"Head her off at the stairs!", Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "Homer, I prepared a special surprise just for you."
Marge Simpson replied "I'm sure we can work this out. He's just a child. Let me talk to him."
"Wow! You guys are even lazier than me! Well, don't worry. I'll keep your secret.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh honey, I wouldn't say doomed. It's gonna be an adjustment, no question...", Marge Simpson answered.
"You know, Dad, just because your mission's complete, it doesn't mean you have to go back to pork eating, and beer-drinking..." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Oh man, this is so confusing."
"We missed you so much!", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "Nothing yet. But the time draws near. Now, let's get those fillings out of you."
"Sorry! No cash for Neddie! Homer keep all money! Bye bye Neddie! Bye bye!" Homer Simpson said.
"People, people. Space monsters. This is going nowhere. There's only one man who can settle an argument this bizarre." Bart Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak: "Gimme a break, will ya? It's a friggin' saga."
Homer Simpson said: "Wasn't me."
Homer Simpson answered: "Bart, son. You wanna play catch?"
"Homer, can we take it easy on the taser?" Ned Flanders said.
Homer Simpson replied "Marge, they're just hams, okay."
"Oh my God... Ned!", Marge Simpson answered.
"Sure he's tough. But he's never come up against a wooden mallet!", Bart Simpson responded.
"There's no way I can beat this girl. She's the Jack Nicklaus of the pageant circuit." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Oh man, I love Saturdays!", Homer Simpson said.
"Yeahhhh!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Just a select circle of my friends."
Lisa Simpson said: "This game has all the best college marching bands! From the precision footwork of Ohio State to the lame, dead-on-arrival humor of Stanford!"
"Well, look at the wonders of the computer age now.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Agreed."
Homer Simpson: "Karl."
Bart Simpson responded "Say something so I'll know you're not hurt."
Bart Simpson said "Does this mean you and Dad might get a D-A-V-U-R-S?"
Lisa Simpson answered: "Thank you for applying to the Ovenfresh Bakeoff. Every year many wonderful cooks fail to qualify."
Bart Simpson responded "Seriously, I'm gonna make you proud. I have hidden talents."
Moe Szyslak replied: "Hey, are you callin' my life-partner a sissy? 'Cause a hundred bucks says he could whup you in arm wrestling."
"Without. Let me go!", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "C'mon, Santa's Little Helper! I'm sorry I ever let you go! Pick me! Please pick me!"
Moe Szyslak answered "Hey, Homer. Here's a bloopie for ya."
Homer Simpson answered: "Well, at least you can't nag me anymore."
Marge Simpson said: "So, this stuff will just shampoo out, huh?"
Homer Simpson answered "This looks like a job for Captain Crazy! Up, up and away!"
"You know, I really don't appreciate being called a narc." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Yes, through the magic of caring."
"Good, now you hold Maggie. I'm going to buy some earrings at the gift shop." Marge Simpson responded.
"He had a prosthetic tongue made out of silver.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Yes they are, Roy."
"Oh, I don't know if I can... whoo!... ever make it up to you. I-- whoo!... but I sincerely whoo!", Homer Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Well, I guess it's impossible to control all the media -- unless of course, you're Rupert Murdoch. He is one beautiful man."
Marge Simpson responded "This is my fault. I tried to teach Bart about town pride, but the power of my words filled him with a sort of madness."
"Really?", Marge Simpson replied.
"Easy there, habitrail.", Moe Szyslak answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Gimme one of those!"
Bart Simpson responded: "Pass."
Homer Simpson answered: "Don't worry. We'll catch him, or run him over tryin'."
"I'm still cool.", Homer Simpson said.
"Nelson has never steered me wrong, honey. Nelson is gold." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "Die! Die! Die!"
Homer Simpson: "Ooo, still plenty of parking."
Lisa Simpson said "Is that Rainier Wolfcastle?"
Bart Simpson said: "I got a bad feeling about this."
Marge Simpson said: "You're working so hard you've lost weight! We're killing ourselves trying to run a restaurant no one goes to... I've never said this to you before, but I'm saying it now. I'm going to Moe's."
Lisa Simpson said "If it's your shortcut, I'll be high and dry."
"Yes, well, find someone cheap. It's been a very lean year for us.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Dude, take it easy on the fatty foods. You're running out of leg veins to transplant into your heart." Bart Simpson answered.
"That's coming from next door!" Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Dad, the baby giraffe is taking its first steps!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, all the time! Have you ever heard of this kid Milhouse? He's a little wiener who..."
Lisa Simpson said: "Don't forget your secret ingredient..."
Homer Simpson answered "But it seems to me that a senior citizen has to be over 55. Isn't that so?"
"Yes! That's what I wanted!" Homer Simpson said.
"But, I'm still hungry.", Homer Simpson responded.
"But I'm in jail." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "More food."
"Can't even spank his own kids..." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Will you teach me?"
"Bart's dad has really pulled himself together." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Marge, mail's here."
Ned Flanders replied "How long has it been since we prayed together, neighbor?"
Lisa Simpson replied: "Whoa! / Cool!"
Homer Simpson said "Hey -- if you want wild bears eating your children and scaring away your salmon, that's your business. But I'm not gonna take it! Who's with me?"
"You forgot to glaze me!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Help me or kill me!" Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "She's teething. Look... her very first baby tooth."
Bart Simpson responded: "Well yeah, but don't say it like that."
Homer Simpson answered "About last night... you might have noticed Daddy acting a little strange and you probably don't understand why."
Bart Simpson responded "Why? Just because she sings like Whitney Houston brought to life?"
"Marge what're you doing? It's lunch time." Homer Simpson said.
"Isn't there anything you can do?", Marge Simpson responded.
"Or that we made a few adjustments to the soda machine..." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "Sweetie, you seem so blue. Did the last of something die?"
Homer Simpson responded "Wow. It's like Marge's dream come true... for me! Isn't that great, Marge?! For me!"
"Please, Lisa. I had eighteen martinis today." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "Sure."
Seymour Skinner responded: "Congratulations Mr. Student Body President -- your casino night is a huge success."
Marge Simpson: "How am I going to sleep if someone isn't pushing me all the way to the very edge of the bed?"
"Sin of regret.", Ned Flanders answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Easy answer, eh?"
"Milhouse." Bart Simpson responded.
"Parking lot." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Uh-oh.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "The devil with his fly open."
"What? Hey, Barney, am I a pig?", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Can I have forty guest passes?"
"Duffman's on a date with Booberella!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "C'mon, move your butt! You're blocking traffic!"
Homer Simpson replied "Forty-two bathtubs, please."
Homer Simpson replied "All right. His story checks out. Marge, would you love me more if I were president? 'Cause I'll do it if it will make you happy."
Homer Simpson answered: "Oops, no bathing suit."
"Well, that broke the ice. Now, any man who lives till noon tomorrow shall win his freedom.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Oh, couldn't you try a non-delicious fat? Oh, there's no such thing." Homer Simpson answered.
"LITTLE BABY BATTER / CAN'T CONTROL HIS BLADDER!", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "Here's your new plate, Grampa."
"All right! Good boy! Roll over!" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "What-ever."
Lisa Simpson said "Well, Bart's kinda-- No!"
"That's a seventeen-dollar deck of cards!", Homer Simpson replied.
"C'mon, Honey, you work yourself stupid for this family. If anyone deserves to be wrapped up in seaweed and buried in mud, it's you.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Help! Let me out! I have my doubts about this licorice!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Thanks, Mom.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Like my wife's ugly sister." Homer Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Look Smithers, a creature of pure malevolence. He's the perfect one to suckle at my proverbial teat."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Why would you want to banish us from Springfield?"
Bart Simpson replied: "Lisa, I really need your help, so I'm gonna let you in on a secret. There's no such thing."
"I knew it." Bart Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns said "I don't care what they say. I'm going to win this festival."
"Simpson!", Seymour Skinner replied.
"Yes, sweetie?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "There a problem, honey?"
Homer Simpson said "So, how's that bowel obstruction doing?"
Lisa Simpson responded: "All we've got is ketchup."
Homer Simpson said "Headin' home, baby."
"Hey, big spender!..." Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak responded: "...the last angry clown, the man who spews truth from every orifice, ladies and gentlemen... Krusty!"
Lisa Simpson: "Haw haw!"
Bart Simpson: "That is so fake. You can see the strap on the horn!"
Lisa Simpson replied "Actually, Mom, a tweaking of Mr. Burns' foibles if done with the greatest of care could earn Dad a special place in the old man's heart."
Seymour Skinner: "Mmm-hmm. There were kicks and everything."
Marge Simpson replied: "Oh, that can't be good."
"The flower's starting to open!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"No, you've got chores to do.", Homer Simpson said.
"Lou?" Bart Simpson responded.
"Milhouse, she's only dating you to get back at me." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "I have such a big ass."
"Please, don't do this, Dad! I don't know what horrors you saw in Boise, but it's not worth blowing up everyone you love.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "It's true... that's how I got the money to buy you your necklace."
"Huh. My watch must be running fast. Wait for it... wait for it... wait for it..." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "Grampa's army footlocker! I bet the most important things in the world to him are in this box!"
"We're all vampires." Bart Simpson responded.
"I was thinking mantle, too! Talk about being on the same wavelength." Marge Simpson answered.
"Selma, cheating is a sin. As much a sin as not replying to an instant message. So, if you'll excuse me, I've got a lot of sleazy gentlemen to let down gently!", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "Is it a Bible story?"
Homer Simpson answered: "All right. I'll do it for my kids."
Bart Simpson: "Gross!"
Homer Simpson said "Out of my way! / Move it! / Geeks must yield to normals!"
Marge Simpson replied "I'm not sure."
Homer Simpson answered "Carl, you're a liar, but I love it."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Homer, your bravery and quick thinking have turned a potential Chernobyl into a mere Three-Mile Island. Bravo!"
Ned Flanders replied: "Someone to hold the other end of the sheet when I fold it up. Someone to put in my prayers."
"No time." Bart Simpson responded.
"Yeah, yeah, that's, that's a kick in the pants." Moe Szyslak replied.
Bart Simpson said "Okay."
"No, but I use only the fre..." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "I've failed as a parent. I swore the day my son was born he would appreciate stoner comedy. To the media room!"
"Homer, you're going to be famous!" Marge Simpson responded.
"I'd love to!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Yes, you've torn that up all right.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Ready!" Lisa Simpson said.
"Whoa. Is that a ray gun?" Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded "Ow!"
"Absolutely. This is our big chance. The Simpsons will be reborn as a bunch of gap-toothed bumpkins." Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, Li-sa. There's a little present for you lying in the driveway.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Treasures? Gifts? You got it all wrong. That stuff is just our old--"
Homer Simpson said: "Thanks for the chance. You won't never regret this, Mr. Editing Guy!"
Bart Simpson responded "I concur."
Homer Simpson replied "I guess despite all our so-called civilization, anarchy lurks around every corner, like a racially-diverse street gang on a network cop show."
Homer Simpson responded "Oh c'mon, Marge. It's not fair to compare us to an American household."
Homer Simpson replied: "The way I figure it, if the candy stays in the machine for more than a year, it's up for grabs."
Homer Simpson answered "Why you little--"
"The Haunted Mine.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, let me get this straight. They let everybody out of school early, just because you brought a dog?"
"Hey! Are you coming to the afterschool pool party?" Lisa Simpson said.
"German backpackers?", Bart Simpson responded.
"That hilarious voice could be your ticket to stardom.", Bart Simpson said.
"Now you listen here, Bub. We paid you all the savings we had in the world. You could at least tell my husband something encouraging." Marge Simpson answered.
"I am Ganeesh, your god!" Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "What've you got for me, boy? Hey, this says we should feed him lots of eggs and olive oil to ensure a glossy coat."
Lisa Simpson responded: "How'd you eat the meat without the vegetables?"
Moe Szyslak said: "Listen you, when I get a hold of you, I'm gonna use your head for a bucket and paint my house with your brains!"
"Where's Mr. Bergstrom?" Lisa Simpson replied.
"'CAUSE I'M A GRADE SCHOOL HERO / LISA NEVER LIES / I'M A GRADE SCHOOL HERO / AND HEROES NEVER DIE / JUST ONE GUITAR! SLUNG WAY DOWN LOW / YEAH ONE GUITAR! / WHERE DID MY LAWNMOWER GO?!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Now, let's see what we have here...", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Nothing. It just kind of ticks me off." Bart Simpson answered.
"Son, for the last time, you're staying at military school." Homer Simpson answered.
"Excuse me, pardon me, coming through." Homer Simpson said.
"Sorry Mom, but this is the Catholic church. Chicks don't have any authority here." Bart Simpson answered.
"You didn't know him! Nobody knew him! But he was a great man! And I won't rest until all of Springfield knows the name of Bleeding Gums Murphy!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "I'd like to see you thumb through an extension school catalogue and find one."
Lisa Simpson said "Why did you let him be his own barrister?"
"What's the matter with your face? Is that a fake nose? Are you wearing chin putty?", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Yeah, yeah. The old guy's a little love-starved."
"Or, or, um, with, with a funny hat on.", Marge Simpson said.
"It's like a sauna in here!" Marge Simpson responded.
"Get lost!", Homer Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner replied "Attention class, I have a new student for you."
Homer Simpson responded: "Hey Bart... I mean, Jesus. Hey son, you want Flanders to kill anybody? He's totally in my power."
"It's a big country." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Late night at Moe's eh?"
"Look out for the stairs!" Homer Simpson responded.
"You don't want to know how far I'll go." Bart Simpson responded.
"...SEND HER HOME WITH ACHING TUM!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Mom, why'd you stop talking for two and a half minutes?", Bart Simpson responded.
"Bart, that was your cherished childhood toy.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Bart, can you come in here for a second?" Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Um, if it's okay with you, Mom, I'd rather go find some kids."
Marge Simpson answered "No."
Bart Simpson replied: "If fairy tales have taught us one thing, it's that first wives are perfect, second wives are horrible."
"Oh, no. Oh, no, no, no, no. No. It's a very, very old figurine.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Marge, this is amazing. I never realized some restaurants are better than others."
"Dad, you can't expect a person to sit for thirty minutes straight.", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "Hey Dad!"
Bart Simpson replied: "Mom, do I have to?"
Bart Simpson responded "Whoa!"
"Homie, I happened to read about beached whales in Springfield Geographic. It usually does not end well." Marge Simpson said.
"I wouldn't be here if you were more of a role model! Pub crawls, naked Frisbee golf..." Bart Simpson answered.
"Lisa's sleeping over at Janey's. Apparently, her mom makes good mac and cheese.", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "No, not in my mouth! Aye--is what the kid would say. To the bluffs!"
Marge Simpson replied "Homer? Get ready. Patty and Selma will be here any minute."
Bart Simpson replied: "E-excuse me?"
"Hey, this is all your fault." Bart Simpson responded.
"Brown, Brown, Brown...", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Shut up.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Dad? This photo is a blessing. It eases my pain.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "Mom, am I dying?"
Marge Simpson responded: "Homer, listen carefully: John is a ho-mo--"
Marge Simpson: "But where did it come from?"
"Come on, Homer.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Not at all!", Marge Simpson responded.
"Yeah! I could sneak into the school and write whatever I want on the chalkboard!", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "Nah, we're not gonna be doing that."
Homer Simpson answered "La la la la la la la la la..."
Bart Simpson answered: "But still... you're gone. Oh, where are you, boy?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Oooh, where's Waldo?"
"Now stop it you two. And don't look too down. I'm sure this is hard enough for your father.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "I will never... know... the score!"
Homer Simpson said "Oh, let's get out of here."
Lisa Simpson answered: "I'll do whatever it takes."
Homer Simpson responded: "Sure you can. Buncha no-good do-gooders."
Moe Szyslak responded: "That is the wrong thing to say to a snake handler."
"WE'RE GONNA ROCK, GONNA ROCK AROUND THE CLOCK TO-NIGHHHTTT!", Homer Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders: "Yes indeedy. Makin' some good scratch, too."
"Homer, you're still here? You should've left for work an hour ago!", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Yeah, but your Mom paid for that."
"Oh, so now you're quitting dinner, too." Homer Simpson replied.
"He has a girlfriend." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Sure, but I think you're exaggerating the problem."
"Those are strange things to say, but a wedding is no place to worry about threats from the bride's former lover. Now, the toast...", Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "I must have her. Smithers, zoom in. Closer... Closer... closer, damn it!"
Homer Simpson said "There."
Moe Szyslak answered "Homer, would it make you feel better if any of that hit me?"
Bart Simpson said: "Wait a minute! Whoa, whoa! Stop the music! Where's Dad?"
"You see, they, they thought I was askin'... if anybody wanted to see... my... oh man, this is so painful... my crotch.", Moe Szyslak responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Oh, I knew this would happen. Our whole marriage started off on the wrong foot."
Bart Simpson said: "Ladies and gentlemen, that myth is... cracked!"
"Only three?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Yes.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"And a one and a two and a..." Homer Simpson responded.
"Okay.", Homer Simpson said.
"Yeah, except I forgot to go to work.", Homer Simpson said.
"Hey Mister Positive, shut the hell up.", Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson responded: "And to show you how this book works, I will demonstrate on some rats..."
"Oh, come on, Homer. A heart to heart talk with your son, you've got to try.", Marge Simpson said.
"Those bastards..." Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Hey, Dad, I think state and federal laws require us to have a baby-sitter."
Homer Simpson answered "That bird! He's killing the elephant! Stop him!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Right, no reporters."
"Listen Homer, in the back room I got these super-tough Africanized bees. I saw this ad in a gentleman's magazine for excited African honeys, and that's what they sent me. If we could combine them with Lisa's bees, it would make them strong enough to survive any environment.", Moe Szyslak responded.
"Let's see, I want a teargas can, a blue gun with paralyzer darts..." Bart Simpson replied.
"Well, I'm sure a lot of great people have started with less." Lisa Simpson answered.
"I guess I don't have much choice." Lisa Simpson said.
"You punched out three people on the street.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Maybe you're right. I did always want to go to college, but fate stood in the way." Homer Simpson replied.
"Here you go, Ralph." Lisa Simpson answered.
"My best friend shafted me. I'll never get over this, Otto-man." Bart Simpson replied.
"If this were a movie mother wouldn't let me watch it.", Seymour Skinner answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Oh, yeah. A judge made me do that once, too. Stupid lack of public urinals. Hey, just so you don't have to suffer alone, I'm comin' with ya."
"Please let me keep them for just a little longer." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Okay, she said she'd be here at exactly eight o'clock." Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson said: "Hey guys, look what I smuggled aboard."
"X's for eyes...", Homer Simpson said.
"Huh?" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "No way, this guy's a winner. He has a company that makes computers, or a computer that makes companies... Anyway, you wouldn't understand."
"C'mon, bro, don't hassle me!" Homer Simpson said.
"Dad, it's all my fault! I shook up that can of beer!" Bart Simpson responded.
"Full power!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Yuh-oh." Bart Simpson said.
"What?", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Get rid of a bird? No way. Their eyes are so expressive."
"Oh, Homie, I was so frightened.", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "You do?"
"Bart!", Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner answered "We're going to have to re-order every book."
Homer Simpson answered "This ends now!"
Ned Flanders said "Come on, Homer. Tell him about the store. I'm dyin' out here."
Marge Simpson said: "I'm glad you had fun, because we're all getting together next week."
"Let's just say the stories about him are greatly exaggerated.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Marge, please don't say anything. It never makes a difference and then the teachers give us stink-eye during the school fairs."
"Oh yeah? Well when you're mean, I'm a trampoline, so everything you said goes back and hits your ugly head." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Woo hoo!"
"There you are." Homer Simpson said.
"What are the skits about?" Homer Simpson answered.
"I told the witch doctor there's tightness in my chest. Bom-bom-bom-bom... I told the witch doctor he had to run a test..." Homer Simpson replied.
"Uh... I can explain..." Bart Simpson replied.
"Dad, that's Bart.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Oh, yeah? Wanna bet?" Homer Simpson responded.
"What's the occasion?" Ned Flanders answered.
"Have you seen how he treats my Grampa? Never visits him. Never even acknowledges his existence." Homer Simpson responded.
"...and Bart could be the courier!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Be strong, Smithers. Be strong for the plant. She needs you.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Bart!" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "I don't think I could. Mr. Leary, I'm so sorry. I'll send you your phone back right away."
Homer Simpson responded: "Relax. All I smell is garlic and fish."
Homer Simpson responded: "Would a U.S. dollar change your mind?"
"Give it to me, baby." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Please don't call our parents!"
Bart Simpson replied "That was two firemen, a crane and Snow White."
"Run, Marge! Start the car!" Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Um, excuse me, sir. I already know how not to hit a guy. Can we break out the nunchucks?"
"Dad...", Homer Simpson responded.
"That's the Home-Owner Tax.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Mr. Burns!"
Homer Simpson responded "I can't understand what happened. Why did they change Homer Simpson's character from cool to stupid?"
"I CAN'T GET ENOUGH OF YOU, BABY..." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "CATS AND DOGS, SQUABBLE'S NEVER ENDING / EVEN WITH SO MUCH LEGISLATION PENDING!"
"That company's ruining the whole town's health, and I don't know how to stop them." Marge Simpson answered.
"Rock 'n' Roll Fantasy Camp!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Man, the last nine months sure were crazy.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "I made it back for your show, honey..."
Homer Simpson said "I'm open! I'm open!"
"Time to blow up the clown...", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "What a rip."
Lisa Simpson answered "Hippo in the House."
"It's quite a collection, and I assume, irreplaceable." Seymour Skinner said.
"Hey, what was my first word?", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Marge, what were you thinking?"
"Really? Boy, it sucks to be you. Anyhoo, if there's one thing I know, it's how to win back a furious woman. We'll go to her house, and I'll whisper to you exactly what to say.", Homer Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak replied "G'ahead. Give it a try."
Homer Simpson answered: "Hmmm, you make a good case. I'll take it!"
"Thanks, Mom. It doesn't seem to be going very well." Lisa Simpson answered.
"A left-handed corkscrew? Oh, baby!" Moe Szyslak replied.
"So, who's ready to kick some Christian keister?", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson: "Ooo, I'm sorry, Moe. I didn't mean everyone everyone. Hope you don't mind."
"No.", Moe Szyslak said.
Ned Flanders replied: "I guess now we know why they call them rapids and not slow-pids, huh?"
Homer Simpson: "I don't know what that is, but it's not sitting!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Hey, I got off pretty easy."
"Aw, crap." Moe Szyslak responded.
"Oh... hi, Mr. Jarmusch." Lisa Simpson said.
"I am at work. This is what I do." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Game Six of the 2011 World Series..."
"I can't go home. Something happened this week that completely changed me!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Oh, that would be just... You're just yankin' my chain, aren't you?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Marge?" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Why you little...! Why you little...!"
"Oh!" Seymour Skinner responded.
Marge Simpson answered "Awww."
"I know there's a catch, but tell me more.", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "Sure, honey. I promise."
"I'm going to take a cab.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh c'mon. Can't we at least have one pity scalp?", Bart Simpson said.
"It is!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"All right then, let's see what the old Simpson family is up to now." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Super. Now if you'll gather around, I'd like to say a few words. All nerds clear the launch area."
Bart Simpson said "Right. Coincidence."
"Eww.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Well, before she died, she ordered this Bible especially for you.", Homer Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak responded "So, uh, what's a Princesses like you do all day, eh? A lot of spinning wheels and witches treatin' you like crap?"
Homer Simpson responded "Not now. I'm busy turning on this washing machine."
"Beer keg do-nut?", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "And to think, he and I once shared a shower."
Homer Simpson replied: "Why? I just saw the best part."
Lisa Simpson replied "Hmm..."
Homer Simpson answered "So the next time this bully thinks you're gonna throw a punch, you throw a glob of mud in his eyes, and then you sock him when he's staggering around, blinded..."
"I think you're a little young to be investigating an attempted murder. Why don't you try to solve the mystery of who put that mud in the freezer?" Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "Uh oh. Poonam and Uma are fighting!"
"Yes.", Marge Simpson answered.
"No. Of course not." Homer Simpson answered.
"Cool! A ruckus!" Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Cold."
Bart Simpson: "So I can get a dollar for every ball I find?! Then if a cell phone costs one hundred dollars, how many balls do I need?"
Marge Simpson replied: "Cheer up, Homie."
Bart Simpson responded: "ADULTS! / YOU RUN OUR LIVES LIKE YOU'RE COLONEL KLINK."
"Boy, dumping your kids in the forest sure gets your hands dusty." Homer Simpson replied.
"It's after six -- he's not coming back. He's a lousy roofer and a flake!" Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "Uh - huh."
Bart Simpson answered "What are we going to do, hang ourselves?"
Marge Simpson replied: "So, how was your outside time?"
"Half a gallon of chocolate, chocolate, chocolate, chocolate chip.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"I am so not British. Don't let this pasty face and bad teeth fool ya." Moe Szyslak replied.
"No way, this is our rec room!", Bart Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "No! No! Just kill me now!"
"I will, Mom." Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "Dad, it-it's me!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Right here."
"Excuse me, but Buzzard's Roost is a converted parking lot.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Maybe it was one of the other Barts, Sir.", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Jig's up, Bob!"
Homer Simpson responded "Thank you!"
Lisa Simpson said: "Africa looks like a beautiful jewel."
Lisa Simpson said: "We should be safe in here."
"Okily-dokily!", Ned Flanders answered.
"Oh, I'm sick of doing Japanese stuff. In jail we had to be in this dumb Kabuki play about the forty-seven Ronin and I wanted to be Oshi, but they made me Ori." Homer Simpson replied.
"Chauffeur... seamstress..." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Yeah you are too."
"We tricked you! / Eat Nerf, Homeboy!" Bart Simpson responded.
"People like Flanders make me sick. If I was Marge's landlord I'd fix her pipes and I'd shower her with flowers and-and take her on a romantic getaway to the South Seas and I... I'd never return." Moe Szyslak replied.
"I'll get right on it." Homer Simpson replied.
"Okay handsome, that's enough primping!", Marge Simpson answered.
"You keep it." Lisa Simpson said.
"Old painty-can Ned!", Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner answered: "They still have to sign their names properly so we're not totally out of the woods."
"Woo-hoo!", Homer Simpson said.
"Because...?" Seymour Skinner replied.
"Well, that's just great." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Knock yourself out."
"Your mother was living with her two wicked sisters." Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Who?"
"Come on, Marge -- all sports have their lovable clowns: John Rocker, O.J. Simpson, Dorf..." Homer Simpson replied.
"Say bye, Mr. Flanders.", Homer Simpson responded.
"--and I promise that I will hand-brew every bottle with these very hands, huh?" Moe Szyslak answered.
"Yes! It's time for you to take control of your own destiny. You're not a doormat, you're a door prize!" Marge Simpson said.
"Huh? Whuh? Hyuwhuh? I'm awake! I'm awake! I'm a productive member of the team! You can't fire me, I quit! Please, I have a family! Well, let's see what we got in the ol' drawer.", Homer Simpson said.
"And finally, make sure the net is tight and springy." Homer Simpson replied.
"Ladies! There's no need to fight over me.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Arrrgh!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Hey!"
"Forget I said anything!" Bart Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders answered "Ohh, what can I get you, little Christian? How 'bout a Noah's Ark of Jellies?"
"You're just a sweet guy from Springfield who wanted his family to have a better life.", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "Comic Book Guy made me pay for these comics he said I smudged. But I didn't even touch 'em!"
Ned Flanders said: "Ow! It's one-way!"
"And play that delightful flush sound on your way out.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"You know, your father saved every book report he ever wrote. And every one was Stuart Little!" Marge Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Guess what happened to me last night!"
"But you're also the housekeeper, so it's all good.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "No! No, no, no, no, no, no. Well, yes."
"Not with the camera on." Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "I'm not a bully! It's just a series of incredible coincidences!"
"Hey, I found a short cut through your hedgemaze.", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Well, you know what I think? I think Casper's the ghost of Richie Rich."
Lisa Simpson answered: "I guess we better get used to being pariahs."
Marge Simpson responded: "That boy failed show and tell, but he's on our ass like Sherlock Holmes."
Lisa Simpson said "Dad, the zebra didn't do it. It's just a word at the end of the dictionary."
"Give up, Homeboy. There's a six-stroke limit." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "But Ginger, honey, I am not the catch I appear to be."
Homer Simpson: "All right, better put on a pot of coffee, Marge. This could take a while."
"Dad, do we have any money left?" Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "So what was it you wanted to tell me, son?"
"Fine. Eight weeks off... with pay.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Me, too."
Bart Simpson said: "Ah, 'little help here?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Marge, my whole life flashed before my eyes."
Homer Simpson said "What kind of bread?"
"So do I.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Put food in me.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Oh my God! A marriage so perfect that I could take it for granted for years, suddenly explodes. What do I do?! What do I do?!"
Marge Simpson responded "I think these are my Homie's size..."
"Everyone chickened out. Except Ralph. He got poached by the Chicago Tribune.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"It's Christmas Eve, man! We do not want to set a precedent for fat guys being late tonight." Bart Simpson responded.
"Have you sold that tie rack yet?" Seymour Skinner replied.
Marge Simpson: "I don't know what to believe anymore."
"What are all these recreational vehicles doing here?", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Marge, am I crazy, or is my back getting hairier?"
Homer Simpson replied: "That's right. There's no way my life could possibly get any worse."
Marge Simpson answered: "And I always will."
"Ah, well done. A rested employee is a vigilant employee.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson said: "No, Marge! You have to listen! That place you sent me to changed my life!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Marge?"
"Okay, bikers, that's it. Benjamin Franklin once said that house guests are like fish at... huh? They're gone! Woo hoo!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Yellow matter custard... dripping from a dead dog's eye..." Bart Simpson replied.
"C'mon, hug me..." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Arrrgh!"
"Okay.", Homer Simpson replied.
"On the surface, that sounds perfectly pleasant.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Hi, Marge. It's me, Homer."
"That's because you trust your stupid school books. Here's what really happened at the signing of the Declaration of Independence..." Homer Simpson responded.
"Dog on Fire! Dog on Fire!" Homer Simpson replied.
"But we don't have $15,000." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Yeah, I ain't never been slapped with no duelin' glove before, either." Moe Szyslak said.
"Hamlet! What'd I tell you about running with swords?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Well boys, good thing we brought the eye soap.", Ned Flanders said.
"I think he's grossed-out by some seaweed.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Your organic, all-natural lifestyle has doomed us all!", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "Besides, he's happy just hanging around the house with Bart."
Bart Simpson answered: "Yeah, sure."
Homer Simpson: "Well, at least we're past the lightning round."
"Is that your wallet?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Greece is the word!" Moe Szyslak replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "Oh, no, no. Homer is my... ball's name. I'm Marge."
"Bring him to me!", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "They're both losers. Losers!"
Seymour Skinner: "Oh, untrue. Last Thursday we visited a battlefield."
Bart Simpson answered: "Aw Milhouse, just cuz your mom didn't let you have a party doesn't mean you can't get a present."
Marge Simpson responded "Now there's three of you?"
Marge Simpson answered "Listen, I want us to be honest with each other."
Marge Simpson: "Not that you care about the ups and downs of my appliances. Do ya? Huh, do ya?"
Marge Simpson responded: "Really? Look at you... so grown up... well, I've moved on too..."
"But I'm a married man.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Okay, so let's see what we can see!"
"It's his job.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh sure, when a man does it, it's smutty. But if a woman did it--"
Lisa Simpson: "That's my name with bella on the end of it. Ask her, oh God, please ask her to dance."
"Welcome kindergartners. I'm Principal Sinner... Skinner." Seymour Skinner responded.
Bart Simpson responded "You never told me how my body works."
"We left plenty of food so you won't starve.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "You're rejecting me? But I'm in the best shape anyone is, in the nineteen thirties."
"They're buyin' it. They're buyin' it!", Bart Simpson responded.
"I WAS MADE FOR LOVING YOU, BABY / YOU WERE MADE FOR LOVING ME..." Homer Simpson said.
"What, Flanders." Homer Simpson answered.
"Well, well, it looks like my monkey has evolved into a man." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Fun's over, fellas. If you're gonna beat up my friend in my bar, there's a two-drink minimum."
"LISA IT'S YOUR BIRTHDAY / HAPPY BIRTHDAY LISA /", Bart Simpson said.
"My father's name is Homer... my mother's name is Mom... my sister's name is Lisa, but everyone calls her Loser." Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "That was great, Homie."
Homer Simpson: "Great, Marge, now that's in their heads."
Lisa Simpson responded "Mom, what's wrong?"
Marge Simpson said: "My goodness, what's wrong?"
Bart Simpson said "I can't express how I feel in words, so I drew this picture."
Homer Simpson answered: "We'll have to eat Thanksgiving dinner off regular plates like animals!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Don't worry, guys. It's on me. Share the wealth, that's what I always say."
Homer Simpson: "Anyway, get ready, beer belly! We're gonna show Springfield what we're made of!"
"Oh. I guess that's not him then.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Don't be so stubborn! We're not talking about a few dollars! We're talking about a few thousand dollars!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, my-diddily-i. Will you look at this place! And the price has been slashed repeatedly!" Ned Flanders said.
"All he did was try to help a young couple find their way. Does he really deserve to get strung up for that?", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "Dad, I'm so proud of you. If you need some inspiration, here's a book of Mike Farrell's core beliefs."
"C'mon, tell me!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"What women really want is a guy who's confident enough to go completely downhill after marriage and know she'll still love him.", Homer Simpson said.
"Sorry Maggie, I just don't have the touch today.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Homer! I need you to rickshaw me to soccer practice!" Bart Simpson replied.
"I put it in the bank. That place is great! On their wall, they had a photo with an old couple walking on the beach with their pants rolled up." Homer Simpson replied.
"Really? Wow.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "Hey, Homer. Did you just fart?"
"You know, the great thing about Sunday school is we're finally learning something we can use." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "You're my son and you will hate what I hate. Angled parking. Lemons. Kickstarters by famous guys who already have lots of money. And this boat!"
"Congratulations, the rest of you made the team.", Homer Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner answered "... And turning to the 3-D map..."
"What about her.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Just a little higher...", Homer Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak responded "Wait a minute! I didn't use that much poison."
Bart Simpson responded "There's one right now."
"No, Dad, he's my friend!", Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "You never let me tell!"
Homer Simpson replied "I don't know. Let's just lay here till we figure it out."
"Man... fall down. Funny.", Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "That's exactly the poi-- Oh, Simpson, can't you go five seconds without humiliating yourself?"
"Can't sleep. Gonna die. Can't sleep. Gonna die.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh man, my goatee has barely come in. Why does my hair only grow in twos?" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Blast that infernal card! Don't give that card to me."
Bart Simpson said "Hi, Milhouse. Hey, I want you to know that I'm glad at least one of us got the part."
Homer Simpson said "I can do that!"
"There, there.", Homer Simpson said.
"Wow, your parents are cool!" Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "I can see through time."
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, two-twenty-five?! That means I lost weight!"
"Can I fluff your pillow?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Oh my God!"
"I am the thing from Uranus!" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "When will Marge remember us?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Well, actually, I've come around on hipsters. Takes a lot of guts to all wear the same hat."
Marge Simpson responded "You know Homer, when I got home, I realized who I should have gone to the prom with."
Bart Simpson said: "Are you sure you're okay?"
Bart Simpson replied: "Okay, shake."
"Oh well. Same time tomorrow, Otto?" Bart Simpson replied.
"I am pretty full.", Homer Simpson answered.
"What the heck am I saying? Homer's probably at that bar right now, getting hammered." Marge Simpson responded.
"Do I get two paychecks?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Marge? Bart? Lisa?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Marge, Marge, Marge. Let's see. Oooh, look! Pantyhose. Practical and alluring. A six-pack... Oh! Only four ninety nine."
"Hey Homer, can we have a can of frosting for lunch?", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Oh yeah."
Marge Simpson answered "Who knocked down the pins?"
"He what?! Flanders, landlords like you are the scum of the earth! You lounge around in your Egg MacMansions and we never see you unless the rent check's late!" Homer Simpson said.
"Well, I have no idea what you do or who you work with, but I am sure if you put your foot down on their throats and grind until you hear a crunch, they'll sit up straight.", Moe Szyslak responded.
"No way, man! My hair is who I am!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Outta my way, snow-poke!"
Moe Szyslak answered: "Man, those things go off quick."
"All right, the battlefield is just a half mile ahead. Begin braking procedure!", Seymour Skinner answered.
Marge Simpson: "He's starting to wake up."
"N -- -- yes. But please don't you say that word." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "Ooo, mommy's little baby is getting big and chubby! Who's a chubby baby?"
"Mid-June?" Lisa Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner answered "Thank you. To inaugurate our ramp system, here's the first of what I hope will be many disabled students. Bart Simpson!"
Bart Simpson responded "Aagh! My ovaries!"
Marge Simpson: "But it's okay for you guys to know, because you're finally grown-up enough to be trusted with adult information."
"Wake up, Flanders! There is no Hell, and there is no God. If there were, would He let me do this?" Ned Flanders said.
"Oh my God! She's still on the first sentence! Must make her stop... how to express my...", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Finally. But I want to do it my way: classy and sophisticated."
Marge Simpson responded "I'm sending the cat up with your lunches."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "I want the whole world to hear the story of my harrowing struggle with hypohemia."
Marge Simpson answered: "Three."
"Hey, cut that out! I have an idea." Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered "You know, the courts might not work anymore, but as long as everybody is videotaping everyone else, justice will be done."
"They were the original ultimate scumbags!", Moe Szyslak said.
"One glazed and one scratch-and-win, please.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Well, since you're all such a bunch of big ration-babies, I'll just be in charge of the rationing." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "I didn't select this costume for mobility. I wore it to salute the noble native American of the Pacific Northwests..."
"And here's your prize for today: a scale model of the planet Mars.", Seymour Skinner replied.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Oh, oh, Grizzly Shawn, that's so nice of you to think of me. But... uh... the Tony Awards are that night and I'll be too keyed up to have fun."
"Doctor.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Okay, I slept on the couch, and I flipped the sweaty cushions over. What else can I do?"
Homer Simpson answered: "They become your slaves..."
"What? You mean that time he wigged out? Well, uh, gimme some of that Indian memory tea, there and I'll tell you all about it." Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson responded "Look at all those people. You know them?"
"Yes I have! After the Oscars when he forces you!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "I don't know what to believe anymore. Maybe it's time to call Satan. Is that a two-one-two?"
"Hey, gimme that! / That's mine!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "One of the wheels broke off my chair today. But I didn't make a movie about it."
Marge Simpson: "Well, we're still welcome in North Dakota and Arizona."
"Well, the ape's going to stand around for three hours or so. Then we'll close with the ethnic comedy of Douggan an Dershowitz." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Thank you for stopping the tank.", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "Look, I'm really, really sorry. Now let me get that ice cream off your shoe."
Marge Simpson said: "She's President of the United States."
Homer Simpson said: "No, of course not."
"Bart, Bart, Bart. You're worried you're losing Milhouse. And love is a selfish thing.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Why, you're the first one here! Please accept this free ticket to the 1939 World's Fair.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"And your chest!", Bart Simpson said.
"Walther, when a man puts something on a Frisbee, he should stand by it." Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh!"
"Oh Marge darling, what's the combination to our wedding album?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Now they're making popcorn..." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Hey, it's pretty obvious if you think about it."
Homer Simpson said "Mr. Burns, why'd you come to see me?"
"What on earth are you talking about, Homer?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Now that our son is an honor student, I'm going to get one of those bumper stickers that informs strangers of that fact." Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "Uh, Bob... I know you're enjoying fall preview week, but I was wondering if you made any progress towards finding Homer's killer?"
Bart Simpson responded: "And it sounds like he has big news!"
"Can't talk now.", Homer Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner replied: "Well... then, one could make the argument... that... there really is no problem."
"No time for you, old man!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Start the bus Otto!! Start the bus!!", Seymour Skinner answered.
Bart Simpson: "Well, sure you do."
Bart Simpson responded: "Krusty, how do you feel about putting Buck McCoy on your show?"
"Yeah that's good.", Homer Simpson replied.
"All right, settle down. Anita Bath here! All right, fine, fine. Ah, Maya Buttreeks.", Moe Szyslak said.
"Oh." Marge Simpson replied.
"Interpret them artistically?" Seymour Skinner replied.
Marge Simpson answered "I am not an unfit mother!"
"Oooh, that place is famous. It's where J. Lo hit P-Diddy upside the head with Gary Coleman.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Then you might wanna close your windows before the sun hits Diaper Hill.", Homer Simpson said.
"Is it true we should wait at least an hour after eating before we go in?", Marge Simpson said.
"That's perfect! We can hide out here 'til the heat's off.", Homer Simpson answered.
"...on Nelson Muntz." Lisa Simpson said.
"There's a DVD player but it doesn't work.", Homer Simpson said.
"Power's out." Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "I got you that Danish."
"Mmmm... beer.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Homer, ah, booze is on the house, seeing as how Lisa is, ah,... how do I put this... uh, ridin' the midnight train to slab city." Moe Szyslak answered.
"We throw those out anyway." Homer Simpson said.
"Yeah?" Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Simpson! Simpson!!!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Per... our... agreement!"
"Ooh, a Rubik's Cube. Let's all work it together.", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "That's not true."
"Rather than try to figure out what happened, Milhouse had the courage to move on. To me, that's a hero." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "We leave you the kids for three hours and the county takes them away?!"
"Well, you've set me up, for laughs down the road.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Let's just say in an emergency, I wouldn't count on either one.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Nu-cue-lar. It's pronounced NU-cue-lar."
"I have an awful confession to make: you didn't crash that car, it was me. I put you behind the wheel and I'm so, so, so sorry." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered "Well I won't be home either. I'm, uh... flipping over wheelbarrows in case it rains."
"Quit talking about that baby!", Marge Simpson answered.
"Can't murder now. Eating.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Contagious? Outrageous!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Whee! Touch the sky, Maggie! Whee! Touch the sky!" Homer Simpson replied.
"I'll see what I can do.", Ned Flanders answered.
Lisa Simpson said "No! As your babysitter, I order you to stop hitting your head on the wall!"
Homer Simpson said: "I could quit now... but then my son will never look up to me. Why was I born a Dad?"
"Okay." Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, spectacular! Now we must celebrate -- I'll get some Champagne-iola.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Lisa Simpson responded "Principal Skinner, you're just stealing."
Seymour Skinner replied "If I were a truant boy out for a good time I'd be right here. The Springfield Natural History Museum."
Homer Simpson answered "What the hell's goin' on?"
Marge Simpson replied "Well we've gotta buy something!"
"Gotta go!", Bart Simpson answered.
"So, Mr. Molloy. It seems that the cat has been caught by the very person that was trying to catch him.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "You know-it-know it, Neddy."
Lisa Simpson said: "Bart, I know you're not wild about having me for a babysitter, but I'm not some ogre. I think you will find me fair and fun."
Marge Simpson responded: "Okay... oh, leather craft."
"Oh God, now what?" Bart Simpson said.
"You'll feel better knowing your money's in the hands of professionals.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Aye Carumba!", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "Yo, Homer. You gotta get ready for work."
Marge Simpson replied: "Would you like to color something?"
"First of all, thank you. Secondly..." Homer Simpson answered.
"Okay, here you need a musical montage where you try on lots of funny hats. It'll let us see your playful side." Homer Simpson responded.
"Did you really think I'd forget? Now have a great time!" Marge Simpson said.
"Fine. But I'm not paying for the insurance. Oh, what the hell, give me the insurance." Homer Simpson responded.
"I'm cataloguing the violence in these cartoons. I don't think adults have ever actually sat down and watched them before." Marge Simpson said.
"Nooo!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Homer Simpson! Homer Simpson! Shut up! Homer Simpson! My name is Homer Simpson!", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded "What is the point? I think this is the end of me. All I had was my integrity. And now that's gone. I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. I try not to cry till you're asleep."
Ned Flanders said: "Leapin' Lazarus! Is this what passes for eternal rest these days? Rod, go get Daddy his buryin' shovel."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Aw Dad, did my story make you cry?"
Homer Simpson responded "Or so you'd think, except he's done it so many times before."
"What you're saying is so understandable... and really, your only crime was violating U.S. law.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Marge, where are you? Did you change your name? Is it Kelly? Kelly!!!" Homer Simpson replied.
"... DADDY FEELS REJECTED / HE'S GONNA EAT SOME CAKE." Homer Simpson replied.
"No, we need to take kids to grownup stuff. That's Terence's parenting style--" Homer Simpson answered.
"The articles, eh? So you wouldn't mind if I cut out all the erotic nudes?", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "You know, Milhouse? I thought I'd love eating only frosting and giving the Pope a wedgie..."
Homer Simpson replied: "Come on, come on, just give 'em the slop and lets get out of here. Oh, I can do it faster that that."
Homer Simpson answered "Stop! This has gone on just long enough."
Lisa Simpson answered "What a neat idea!"
"Are you sure? Hugs are dru--" Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "No, things rich people buy, like Campbell's Soup and Pepsodent."
"I don't know. Maybe we should take his money and put all this ugliness behind us." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "So, here's to my best friend, Ned."
"Bart and Lisa have to go to school while I get to stay home. Nyah nyah nyah nyah nyah nyah." Homer Simpson answered.
"Done and done. And I mean done." Seymour Skinner responded.
"That's just how I feel." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Sensual, isn't it? And the best part is Stupid Flanders doesn't even know it's happening in his stupid house. Hence my nickname, Stupid Flanders."
Bart Simpson responded: "Dad, you're gonna wreck him for everybody!"
"Faster, son -- he's got a taste for meat now!" Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "It's true, but he shouldn't say it."
Lisa Simpson said "Dad, please. You're the head of a major corporation."
"Well, okay, but get five bags in case we eat four on the way home.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "Slow... then fast."
"Really? How?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Flanders! You gotta help me!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "So they say I might have a problem."
"I don't want you to go!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Dad, look! Raccoons!", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Why did you do that?"
Bart Simpson responded: "Nooooo!"
Homer Simpson responded "Drivers, start your engines!"
Homer Simpson: "There's one on Lisa!"
"My lick." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "What's your problem, boy?"
Bart Simpson: "How 'bout some grub?"
Homer Simpson: "Uh... I gotta think about this."
Homer Simpson replied: "Lenny, Carl! How ya doin'?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Fine. I'd rather die."
Homer Simpson replied: "Hey, Moe, can I look too?"
"Hey, what the hell are you doing with my money in your house, Fred?", Moe Szyslak said.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Look, there's one of my young chums now. You there!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Don't you remember? He went golfing all the time and it really bugged her."
Bart Simpson responded: "Kid at school."
"You know, it's a boy dolphin.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "Uh-huh. And him."
"You were purposely teaching her the wrong word!", Marge Simpson answered.
"She's heading for Prairie Dog Village!" Bart Simpson replied.
"Well who wouldn't be upset? That new baby in your mother's womb was a ticking time bomb threatening to blow this family eight ways from Sunday! Hey, where're you going?" Homer Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner said "... that you couldn't leave your sister for any man. Oh."
Lisa Simpson answered "My room!"
Bart Simpson responded: "It's gotta be here somewhere."
"It won't go any --" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Anything to trick my daughter into liking me. Now, if you need to reach me, my email is chunkylover53 at AOL."
Marge Simpson replied "Adam, say something."
Lisa Simpson replied "Are you sure you don't miss hanging out with your rock star friends, Dad?"
Homer Simpson replied: "You love sausage but you hate to see it getting made."
Lisa Simpson answered "What? Why?"
"Really?" Moe Szyslak said.
"Got it.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "Not without us, it isn't! Pull over."
Homer Simpson replied: "Beads, please."
Lisa Simpson replied "Dad, it's not fair to claim this thing is an angel. There's no proof of that."
Homer Simpson said: "Yea... eh... how about a pony?"
"But... what if my dog eats it?" Bart Simpson replied.
"Making out the jury list for the film festival. Mayor Quimby -- Krusty -- Jay --" Marge Simpson responded.
"Mr. Lanley! Aren't you gonna ride the monorail?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Awww... Eskimo kiss!" Homer Simpson answered.
"C'mon! We've been here for fifteen minutes. Can't you see they're sucking the life out of us?" Homer Simpson said.
"Whoa, man." Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Bluebeard?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Sure, I'll tell them the truth..."
Lisa Simpson responded "Whoa! Mom, you made me over-swipe!"
"Oh, he'll be fine. And you could still spare my family by--" Homer Simpson replied.
"For some congratulations!" Seymour Skinner said.
"He is?" Bart Simpson answered.
"Uh-oh..." Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "W-u-w-h-a-a-t... W-w-wuh... h-h-huh..."
Marge Simpson answered: "What kind of a thing is that to tell your children?"
"Oh, hi, kids. Thanks.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Invent your way out of this, Edison."
Homer Simpson said "Son, I'm really, really sorry."
C. Montgomery Burns said: "With the sun blocker in place and the town aghast, I was on top of the world..."
"Oh my Lord!" Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Spilled milk?!"
"Uh... Revenge." Homer Simpson responded.
"Well, I'm not really a trucker, so I don't talk to the rep that often.", Homer Simpson said.
"I see it all now! You're just a bunch of yesmen! I was making the wrong moves and you were too gutless to tell me. Isn't that right?" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Homer Simpson: "I miss my couch."
Bart Simpson replied: "Toot-Toot! Look! I'm using this rock as a tool!"
"Aw man, you know you're a loser when they don't even work hard on the excuse." Moe Szyslak said.
Moe Szyslak responded "Happy landings."
"That was Gaiman's job! Let's acid melt him in a bathtub!", Moe Szyslak answered.
Homer Simpson: "Let's see. Sweatbands... check. Anti-chafing nipple tape... Check, check... and check."
"Still kinda ticked off.", Lisa Simpson said.
"NOW IT DOESN'T WORK." Homer Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak answered "A cooler! I've been replaced by a cooler!"
Lisa Simpson said "Drugs."
Marge Simpson replied "Always nice to see him."
Homer Simpson said: "Good riddance. When I found out shrimp cocktails had no alcohol, I really lost interest."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Larry!"
Homer Simpson said: "Majestic eagle... just like me, unashamed of his baldness."
"What's an e-mail?", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "So long, Lis. I'm gonna stow away underwater, and go where the pool goes. Have a good life."
"No, no, no, you have to try it on." Marge Simpson said.
"Here's fifty." Bart Simpson replied.
"Well, if it's in a Gallery, how is it street art?", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "No, no! Shut up! Shut up! Stop it, stop it! I can't take this anymore. I can't let that brave man out there die alone. I'm surprised and disgusted by all of you. Especially his children. I'm goin' out there."
Moe Szyslak answered: "But the father of the bride was nowhere to be seen."
Seymour Skinner replied "They're just asserting their independence. If a child doesn't do it now, it may never happen."
"Yeah. And I think they may be gone a while longer. Ooh, it looks like the grilled Twizzlers are ready.", Bart Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak said: "I'm out."
"HEERE'S THE CLIMAX" Homer Simpson answered.
"Hi, Doctor Nick!" Bart Simpson responded.
"Oh no! Uphill! The one place my car can't go." Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson responded "...and that, kids, is how I met your mother."
Lisa Simpson answered "Huh?"
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "I said, DO IT! NOW, DO IT! DO IT! DO IT!"
Homer Simpson responded "Maybe if we tied it down so it couldn't move it wouldn't get so hungry."
Marge Simpson said "I learned about it in here."
"That night your mother and I went out for a romantic evening to celebrate the start of our new life. We began with dinner and dancing... followed by a stroll on the beach..." Homer Simpson said.
"Men. The room for me!" Seymour Skinner said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Congressman, I have a tape here of you using your free-mail privilege to send a get well card to your aunt."
"Clean as a whistle, Homer!", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered "Homer, this is an operation!"
"Who are we going to beat?" Ned Flanders answered.
"Hardly working..." Homer Simpson responded.
"I RARELY FEEL THE NEED TO UTTER D'OH!", Homer Simpson responded.
"I hate that fish!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"No deal!", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "Eh. Who else we got?"
"Kearney and I are having brunch on Sunday.", Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson responded "Go home."
"Dad, I wouldn't go outside if I were you.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"That was fun. We have to get out more often." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Let's just say that Bart did it."
Marge Simpson said "/ No good, no good. What do I do? What do I do?"
Homer Simpson said "G'night."
Homer Simpson replied: "Really? You think it's a good idea?"
"Everyone, it's a girl!" Marge Simpson replied.
"We may be the best parents in the world.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Little ketchup for your buns, Papa?" Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "And sometimes, the kids are in the back seat, they're hollering, they're making you nuts. There's got to be something you can do about that."
Homer Simpson responded: "My beer! You never had a chance to become my urine! Why you little..."
Homer Simpson replied "Good thing I'm open-minded."
Bart Simpson answered: "Cool, Mom's on drugs. If we turn her in we get a form letter from Dick Cheney!"
Homer Simpson said: "And I also mixed all the spices together into one super spice!"
Homer Simpson responded "This corn doesn't look so big."
"I smash fluorescent lights at the gravel pit.", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "I cannot believe you are here! Do you think, maybe, you could give me some pointers?"
"Uh, excuse me, is there an Orange Julius stand on this floor?", Seymour Skinner replied.
"Children, it seems the phone lines are down. So I'm afraid we're stuck here for the duration.", Seymour Skinner answered.
"Sorry, but you need a good night's rest.", Marge Simpson said.
"Wow. I'm sorry I doubted you before, Dad.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "... Expiration date: June, 1999... Uh, 2012, yeah."
"Dude! You don't think you know me, but you do!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Well, it creeps me out!" Marge Simpson responded.
"Huh? Who said that?", Homer Simpson answered.
"I'll twist this bottle in your face..." Marge Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders: "Anyhoo, Bart, you're gonna have to be punished. This isn't just some sort of club house."
"Box...", Homer Simpson responded.
"What'd I miss? What'd I miss?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Ooh, that smarts. Boys, get the alcohol-free alcohol.", Ned Flanders said.
Bart Simpson said "Fascinating."
"That's good." Bart Simpson said.
"The unsold copies of Dad's autobiography." Bart Simpson answered.
"You've always been there for me, man. I'll never turn my back on you again.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Then I'd better soak up the alcohol with some food! Oooh, cake!"
"Well I hope your son enjoys being driven around by the President of the United States." Homer Simpson responded.
"I'll curb him... without enthusiasm.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Marge, you're missing the point. The individual doesn't matter. It was a team effort and I was the one who came up with the whole team idea. Me." Homer Simpson said.
"The dowager grandmum!" Marge Simpson said.
"Well... uh... well, I just made friends with Pepto-Bismol on Facebook and uh... um... Hey, would ya look at that? There's a spot on the bar!", Moe Szyslak answered.
"Damn right!" Homer Simpson replied.
"There. Now no murderers can get in... or out.", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said: "Hmmm... It's noon -- that's about when Dad gets the brew-shakes."
Homer Simpson replied: "It will never happen again. Now come on, let's walk home."
"Ren and Stimpy do it all the time.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Apu thinks we can get the money -- at the casino playing blackjack.", Marge Simpson said.
"Oh, that's just great. I discover electricity and they want to take it from me!", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "But, where does it go?"
"Mark down the Poochie crap. And then unstick all the Supergirls." Bart Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak answered: "No problem. Just stick the ol' eye-gouger in the pickle brine. That'll keep your thumb fresh and delicious."
"Purple!" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Uh, okay."
Bart Simpson replied: "C'mon, Doc -- she's a fine-lookin' woman! You don't wanna work that?"
Homer Simpson answered "Are you sure this is the sci-fi convention? It's full of nerds."
Bart Simpson said: "Kinda."
C. Montgomery Burns said "Uh, would it be all right if I kept this portrait? To remind me of better times?"
"Eat your broccoli.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "What?"
Lisa Simpson: "We give up."
Bart Simpson replied: "I guess."
"Okay." Bart Simpson replied.
"Yes." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Vance Connor..." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Bart! Bart! Turn to the financial channel! Aunt Patty says our stock is skyrocketing!" Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "NEI CIELI BIGI GUARDO FUMAR DAI MILLE COMIGNOLI PARIGI."
"Howwww old?" Seymour Skinner replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Why can't you use the local dry cleaner?"
"You win.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Why are you looking at me like that?"
"Why didn't you tell him it was an accident? It was an accident, right? Michael?", Lisa Simpson replied.
"I won't get embarrassed. I don't care who knows I love my Grampa.", Bart Simpson responded.
"A little lazy if you ask me.", Lisa Simpson said.
"But I'm lost and I need to know where --" Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "What do you mean?"
"Lisa!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Here's Gramma's knife!", Bart Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner answered: "Children, your test scores are down because we've been having so many assemblies, you haven't had time to study. This assembly will remedy that."
Homer Simpson replied "Whaddya mean?"
"Stupid women drivers." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Great, fine, go nuts!"
Homer Simpson said "Apu, what's wrong?"
Homer Simpson answered "Free movie tickets?! I feel like Roger Ebert, or his kiss-ass new partner!"
Homer Simpson said "I know you love me. So you don't get squat. Hee hee hee hee."
"I couldn't help noticing this school is located in... I'm not one to judge, but... um...", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "Yeah, yeah, okay, second closest."
"Dad, yes!" Bart Simpson replied.
"How dare you show my daughter a life of fun and possibility?", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "Well, it's been two months. You laid down the law and I'm proud of you. But I think we've gotten through to him."
"Homer, go back to the garage." Marge Simpson replied.
"Screw this. Hang on, everyone. We're takin' the ol' Simpson shortcut." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded "Hey... gim... ah... ah!"
"My heart is just fine...", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson: "Bart! That's tomorrow night's dinner."
"...the wipers wipe backwards, and the defroster lines on the back window are too close together! Excuse me.", Marge Simpson said.
"Don't forget the unicorn!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "Better make this count."
"Huh?" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "This whole thing is silly. I mean, isn't the idea of one person taking credit for an entire movie the stupidest thing you ever heard?"
"Not so fast, old chum." C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson: "Hey, what's up?"
Lisa Simpson responded: "No!!"
"Stupid roller-skate." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered "Homer, could you come with me for a minute?"
Homer Simpson said "No! Wait! This is all my fault! Oh, if I could only turn back the clock and buy four new tires..."
"Hmm. That would have to be my first day of school.", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "Thank God we've come to our senses and worship a carpenter who lived two thousand years ago."
"Win Baseball Game.", Bart Simpson said.
"Two hundred thousand dollars! Are you mad?", Seymour Skinner replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "I feel something for him. Here it comes."
"No, I wanna make you a respecting stock. I don't know if you've noticed, but I've borrowed a lot of your stuff over the years...", Homer Simpson answered.
"Well, that's what happens when you introduce foreign species into an ecosystem that can't handle them." Lisa Simpson said.
"You were what?!" Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "You didn't have to drop me off."
Moe Szyslak responded: "I'm tellin' ya, I'm fine. I've never been happier. See?"
"Oh, Snorky..." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Turn it over, Homer.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Okay, here's the situation: We're hopelessly lost and about to die.", Homer Simpson said.
"Come on, Bart, your mother's only trying to help. So go ahead and enjoy the show." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Barney, you gotta fly us up there and save my kids!"
Moe Szyslak: "Here's how you turn this place around. I let people do things in my bar they can't do nowhere else. You wanna drink on a Sunday morning? No problem. You wanna slow-dance with a goat? I'll be doin' a lot of things, but judgin' ain't one of 'em."
"I got hung up at the snack stand -- watching those hot dogs rolling and turning, not a care in the world.", Homer Simpson said.
"I've been looking over this list of things for the ceremony. I've got the extra wine glasses, but I'm still short a tandoori oven, an elephant, and four castrati.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Look, they're rusted through.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Well, maybe it'll be fun. You'll get to spend more time together. Make sure your father takes his mood medication.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Dad, there's a note on the back of your head.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Oh, Lord. I was hoping this day would never come." Marge Simpson responded.
"Discount Lion Safari!" Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "You work a job you don't like so I'm able to be home with the kids."
"Now let's see, twenty minutes at three hundred degrees is the equivalent of five minutes at... twelve hundred degrees." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Flanders, you gotta help me. Is there a southern couple parked in front of my house?"
Lisa Simpson said "No, no. You don't understand. When Mr. Bergstrom smiles, you only see these teeth --"
"I'm telling you, Marge, this will work. They'll think I'm Krusty and give us free stuff. I've been gettin' free stuff all day. Look at this swell bucket of house paint." Homer Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner responded: "I'm sorry, d-did you just call me a liar?"
"Youuu got that right, my friend!" Moe Szyslak answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "So You've Settled for Branson."
"Clear!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Davah Hassahoff." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "There. There. You found the floor."
"True -- but there's room for the truth in this household. Do you wanna hear something really bad Kent told me about the Fox network?", Homer Simpson said.
"Why, whatever do you mean?", Seymour Skinner responded.
"Bart, if you come out, I'll let you eat raw cookie dough. I'll let you... ride the lawn mower through the house. Come on, open the door!", Lisa Simpson said.
"I can't help it! It's the shoes!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "I don't want a comedian knowing my dress size!"
Bart Simpson replied: "Relax. I'll give her some ice cream."
"I can't tell you how chagrinned we are about all of this." Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "You bought four of them. Thank God the check bounced."
"Homie, I don't mean to nag, but what does this have to do with healing your eyes?", Marge Simpson responded.
"Augggh my back!" Moe Szyslak answered.
"Why do they write a new review of this play every single day?", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "I never knew you were such a Beatles fan."
Homer Simpson answered: "And stay out!"
"Questions? Questions? Oh gee, my whole scheme down the... I mean, ask away.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Any exposure to unsanitary conditions?"
Bart Simpson answered "Whoa, something's wrong! Ah, ah, I can't hear!"
"My secret shame.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Whoa! Ouch! Ow! Ooh! Oh no, boys, not the can, please.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Well, this is it. The last call for Moe. God. God, God..." Moe Szyslak responded.
"Thanks for the ride!", Marge Simpson replied.
"You... have a husband? Yes, I can picture him now... rugged good looks... sweater knotted about his shoulders... curly locks shining in the sun like spun gold..." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
C. Montgomery Burns said "Oh, that's right, he's dead. And rather pungent. The rest of that night is something I'd like to forget. All right, then. Bring me that crooner she likes so much... Tom Jones."
Homer Simpson responded: "Can you recommend a doctor who will?"
Lisa Simpson said "It's Tom Wolfe! He uses more exclamation points than any other major American writer."
Homer Simpson answered: "Somebody's gotta do 'em."
Lisa Simpson: "I can't believe that an alien who looked so evil turned out to be bad."
"Whoa!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Mr. Burns? Where's he going?", Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "A mole?!"
"Where is it?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Thanks a lot, Michael. You really helped me get through this. If you ever find your marbles, come visit us." Homer Simpson answered.
"But I just started my paper.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Seen it.", Homer Simpson replied.
"That dog's a riot.", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "That's the only line I get in your stupid story?!"
"Time for a shortcut." Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, I'm Bart Simpson. Is Mary here?" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Sure did."
Homer Simpson responded "Uh... later. First, I want to tell you about the most wonderful place in the world... Doggie Heaven."
"No, that's not true. I... I... I don't like the service at the post office. Y'know, it's all rush, rush, get you in, get you out. Then, they've got those machines in the lobby. They're even faster. No help there. You might even say I hate the post office. That, and my parents. Lousy beatniks! Hey, that felt good!", Ned Flanders answered.
Homer Simpson replied "I know, but let me get you started first."
Homer Simpson said "I'm gonna resign. I don't know why they made me Union President in the first place."
"Attention everyone. This is Principal Skinner." Seymour Skinner answered.
"Stupid Army, searching for me with that giant helicopter in the distance.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Thanks for comin' over, Jay. Krusty really needs help."
"Yes, that's to correct your posture. Soon you'll have a mighty hump." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Marge Simpson responded "I hope this typeface catches people's eye. It sure didn't move our old fondue set!"
"Uh-oh.", Moe Szyslak answered.
Homer Simpson said "Woo hoo!"
"Stupid movies. Who invented these dumb things anyway? Was it you, Bart?", Homer Simpson replied.
"We're not poor." Marge Simpson said.
"That's good enough for me.", Ned Flanders answered.
"The last day of school. Field Day. WhEN you learn to balance an egg on a spoon..." Lisa Simpson said.
"The only cool thing about my dad was that he hated church. And now he's turned into a fat version of Flanders. No offense." Bart Simpson responded.
"Eh, Bart, Bart, Bart." Lisa Simpson said.
"What if they shot at a coke machine?", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "Duh. Trashin' the hotel room."
"It--", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "I know. It's where I hide my adult magazines."
Homer Simpson answered "I feel fantastic!"
Bart Simpson replied "Yeah, it's like looking down a Canadian tunnel."
Homer Simpson: "Just so you know, you're making a pretty bad first impression."
Lisa Simpson responded "Hey, that reminds me, Mom -- Buckingham Palace called. They want their hat back."
Bart Simpson replied "Nice use of the lingo, Homer."
"Stampy!", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "He's gone from Goofus to Gallant, and we owe it all to mind-bending pills."
"Perhaps another demonstration.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Dad, don't you want to know where we're going?", Marge Simpson responded.
"Yeah, but then we'd have to stand there while we get the doors unlocked." Moe Szyslak replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "Hi, Abe."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Bart and I will explore the attic until we find their source."
"You know, I used to think God only helped professional athletes and Grammy winners. But now I realize he helps shmoes like me, too, Carl." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "C'mon, Homer! Japan!"
"I've been pin-upped!", Marge Simpson replied.
"No, I tells ya.", Moe Szyslak replied.
"C'mon, Mom, just cut across the field." Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Oh, Milhouse, this is my fault. I'm so sorry."
Bart Simpson said "Whoa!"
Homer Simpson replied "Dough, sauce, cheese, topping. Dough, sauce, cheese, topping."
Homer Simpson: "To love!"
Bart Simpson responded "Uh oh. You're busted, Dad."
Homer Simpson replied "Uhh. Is this gonna be like one of those horror movies where we open the door and everything's normal, and we think you're crazy, but then there really is a killer robot and the next morning you find me impaled on a weather vane? Is that what this is, Lisa?"
"Uh, maybe I am.", Moe Szyslak responded.
"Moe, something terrible has happened! The Irish have become hardworking and sober!" Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner answered "I THINK THE RULES ARE COOL!"
Moe Szyslak replied: "All right."
Bart Simpson replied: "No, that's a much bigger animal."
C. Montgomery Burns: "Stop this ribbon cutting! This is private property!"
"Mine tastes like dog fur.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"There has to be a solution that pleases everyone. From ducks and trees to yous and mes.", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "Look, it's Tony Bennett!"
"Bart, Cheech and Chong were the Beavis and Butthead of their day!" Homer Simpson said.
"This guy's always on!", Bart Simpson said.
"I don't have time to read. Just give me the gist of it, son." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "Bart, how come you're not sick?"
"Please. I need people here who are helpful and sensitive." Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "Yes! I mean, yes -- there are dragons everywhere! Green ones, Chinese ones, chubby bald ones..."
Homer Simpson said "Now stay down here and I'll be back every hour with food, and every six hours with food for you."
Lisa Simpson replied: "You die now!"
Lisa Simpson said "Yeah... Huh, huh, huh, maybe people got hurt!"
"Well, when I was ten I got my ear pierced but this is completely different!" Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "Lettuce... congratulate the new couple."
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Simpson! You'll rue the day you took that pie tin, poked holes for eyes, and attached a rubber band around the back!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Now!"
"All strapped in?" Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "They're all yours."
Homer Simpson said "Well, Homer, this is it. Time to get back with the people. The young people."
Homer Simpson answered: "Run for your--"
Homer Simpson replied "Kid, tonight's not your night."
Homer Simpson responded "Marge, are we ever gonna see him again?"
Bart Simpson replied "We found you smoldering in the bushes."
"You didn't tell me he was a soldier." Homer Simpson answered.
"I am shocked and appalled." Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Ah, we're so lucky to have this untouched piece of paradise so close to Springfield."
"I thought he was dead.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Son! Let me have a lick at you.", Homer Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak: "Whoa, whoa, whoa. It ain't stealin' if you take it fast."
"Ask if there's a reward!" Bart Simpson answered.
"Way ahead of you.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded "Don't you have to be back at work?"
"I guess I'll take the Concentration Camp one.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Uh, you're thinking about me, right?" Homer Simpson answered.
"I had a bad dream. Could I sleep in your bed?" Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "And check this out."
Marge Simpson answered "Well, I'm gonna keep watching as long as they have shocking story twists and endless pillow talk."
Bart Simpson answered "Wow. Now I see why they call you Miss Hoover."
"C'mon, people. Enough is enough.", Homer Simpson said.
"Ned, you so crazy." Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, honey, don't eat that. Wouldn't you rather have your sugar bag?" Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Hi, guys. Whatcha lookin' at?"
"Don't say that, Ned!" Homer Simpson said.
"One of these has got to be that smooching Lincoln penny.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Hi, Nelson." Lisa Simpson responded.
"I can't believe it. That's horrible! Who'll run the Kwik-E-Mart?" Marge Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner replied "Eleven dollars an hour? That's night watchman money. Maybe I should have a chat with him."
"Well, that's what we learned about. I sure as hell can't tell you we learned about hell unless I say hell, can I?" Bart Simpson responded.
"Students, each one of you has been assigned the mandatory honor of contributing to the Springfield Time Capsule...where your arcana will lie dormant until the thirty-first century...and...", Seymour Skinner answered.
"Hmm, I thought it was Sandy Duncan.", Marge Simpson said.
"Shoot.", Moe Szyslak replied.
Ned Flanders said "Hi-diddily-ho, mob-areenos!"
Lisa Simpson: "That means that Springfield's presidential primary will be first in the nation! Even earlier than New Hampshire!"
Ned Flanders answered: "Aagh! Paper cut!"
"Let the bears pay the bear tax. I pay the Homer Tax.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Deeper, you pusillanimous pilsner-pusher."
"Mi-mi-mi-miiiii!" Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered: "HE'S AT THE DOOR!"
Lisa Simpson answered: "Mom, you said Macbeth!"
Ned Flanders said "Me and the boys made you breakfast in bed. It's the best darn diddly way to start your first Flanders day!"
"The Museum!" Homer Simpson said.
"Bart Simpson, are you a drug-o?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Forget it, Mom. I'm not going.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Hippie Lady I wanna get out." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Once upon a time, there was a hilarious ogre named Shrek Three. He lived in medieval times, but sometimes he'd say things from today times..."
Seymour Skinner replied "My Lord. Such destruction."
"Is that our house?", Homer Simpson responded.
"The subject of our first painting tonight is the most foul, evil, vicious, diabolical beast to stalk the earth. Of course, I refer to..." Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "The internet wrote it -- I just handed it in."
"Tea? In the parlor?" Marge Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak said: "That's right. I'm a surgeon."
"Get to the money!", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "I'm ending your vending, Dog."
Homer Simpson replied "Marge... They've turned into jerks."
Bart Simpson said "Cool!"
Bart Simpson responded "Thirty-one plus forty-three."
Homer Simpson responded: "Marge? You got that? Marge?!"
Marge Simpson answered: "Hello, Helen? I'm calling about the recent destruction of our town. Well, I have a little plan to fix their wagon."
Homer Simpson responded "Says you."
"I didn't cushion your...", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "You were on your way to jump the gorge, weren't you?"
"I threw that away because studies show it doesn't do any good!", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "You're Uncle Norbert?"
"Wait, wait, wait, wait..." Homer Simpson answered.
"Lisa, you were right. My happiness is fading." Homer Simpson said.
"I was killed... by my own son.", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "Much better."
Seymour Skinner answered: "Lucky for you, this was just a warning gator. The next one won't be corked."
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Excellent."
"It's no use kidding myself. I'm having an ethical crisis." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Thank heavens!" Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded "Well, you certainly captured the moment. Hmmm ."
Seymour Skinner said "Yes."
Homer Simpson replied: "It's laxative-free for today's lifestyle!"
"Oh, no! That's Maggie's mix tape! Then Maggie must have gotten...", Homer Simpson replied.
"I can't believe it. I'm still not among the hundred most popular billionaires. I'm behind Adam Sandler, for God's sake!" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Okay, everyone squeeze in.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Lethal inject her on the electric chair!"
Ned Flanders said: "Well, sir, now we'll have an open marriage!"
Bart Simpson said "Hello, Principal Skinner."
Lisa Simpson said: "They just painted the tower brown."
"Well, Moe..." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Okay."
Marge Simpson responded "What's the point, Bart? I punish and I punish and I punish, but it never sinks in. So you know what? Do what you want. You want to play with little hoodlums? Fine. Have fun killing things."
"We are watching Fox." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Really? But Sister Mary's no-nonsense attitude is what inspired me to become an educator." Seymour Skinner responded.
"I'm taking you all out for tacos!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Hey Tabitha, great show. I like that part where you mentioned Springfield. Did you know that's where you are?"
"Hmmm. I suppose I could use a little toning." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered: "But what I did was wrong."
Ned Flanders said: "I was just telling him how brave he is to worship a false god."
Homer Simpson: "Hey, Tony Roma's wasn't built in a day. But don't worry. I told everyone about this place and they're all going to support you. You do have drone delivery, right? I kinda promised that."
"Lisa, I think I have a way to help you at the trial today.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Ten thousand one, ten thousand two... aaaand fit."
Seymour Skinner responded: "If I could just..."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Please don't make me do it."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Okay, that's it... looks good... Oh, Bart, the bulldog didn't ante!"
"Yeah! I did it! Marge is in the house! Or, I will be soon. 'Cause it needs some cleaning!", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Whups, be careful of my tail."
Moe Szyslak answered "Well, so long, Springfield..."
Homer Simpson responded "Ohh."
"Homer!", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "Mommy!"
C. Montgomery Burns said "Smithers, the board of directors is coming here today, and I don't want them to see Snap, Crackle and Pop down there."
Moe Szyslak responded "I'm, uh, I'm sure you do."
Homer Simpson said "Is my job creating power, empowering?"
Ned Flanders said: "Well, if you're talking about root beer, I plead guilt-didilly-ilty as char-dardilly-arged."
"I don't know.", Homer Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak replied "Yeah so, last night I was closing up the bar, when some young punk comes in and tries to stick me up."
"Wake up, honey!" Homer Simpson said.
"I've never seen him happier.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Sweetie, I'm sorry, but Krusty isn't coming to dinner again." Marge Simpson responded.
"Clancy, I haven't seen my family in days. Would you mind if I went home now?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Well, there's probably a down-size I don't see. Uh-huh... New Bedlam Asylum... loves us... needs us... fears he may never see us again... Got it... Michael Jackson. Whoo-hoo! I love you, man." Bart Simpson replied.
"Sorry, Marge. We've got the power now. And you can't turn us off!", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "I don't know, honey. I guess that's the school's decision to make."
Bart Simpson said: "Can I hammer that?"
C. Montgomery Burns said "My one game of the year... ruined by pathetic incompetence."
Bart Simpson responded "What am I supposed to do here?"
Homer Simpson answered "Hollywood-is-leading-our-kids-down-a-moral-sewer-Gotta-go!"
Marge Simpson replied: "Are you saying Lisa's not there?"
"Why are you so happy?", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Hey Martin, what are you doing?" Lisa Simpson said.
"Dad, that's ludicrous!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"That's awful!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"I was told this would be televised!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Lisa, honey, are you gonna be okay?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Which he didn't." Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "What do we want?"
"They say you catch more flies with honey. I say with flytraps!", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"I knew egging my house was just a ploy. You see, the rat who told you about my rat was also a rat.", Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson replied "Aren't you gonna chuckle?"
"Lisa needs braces." Marge Simpson responded.
"It still had eighty-eight percent of its charge!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "She's gone!"
"Six with the tip.", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "They're spying on us. Why would they do that?"
Homer Simpson: "Mr. Burns?"
"Oh yeah. From my room I can hear everything.", Bart Simpson responded.
"So, does this square us for Kansas City?", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Kids, would you step outside for a second?"
Bart Simpson responded: "Then carry on."
Lisa Simpson replied "I'm so proud of you, Dad!"
"Um, I'll have four Tax Burgers, one IRS-Wich -- withhold the lettuce -- three dependent-sized sodas and a FICAccino.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Hey, that's me. And that's you."
"Hey, cut it out! Put her down!" Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "Homer, can't we please be alone? It's our anniversary."
"Hey, man, don't bad-mouth the head." Bart Simpson said.
"I could start my own carpentry business. I'm already arranging the clip art for the letterhead in my mind." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Got anything for a man my size?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Well -- what do you think?"
Bart Simpson: "Fatty and Smell-ya."
"Pick - up - a - ham - mer..." Homer Simpson responded.
"Ballots... stolen... real winner unknown... what is the truth?..." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Kniiiife!"
Marge Simpson said "Kumiko, for you we chose the coolest restaurant in town."
"No, away from the skid!" Bart Simpson responded.
"Hmm... what should I write about?", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "See that, boy? Why aren't you making any business deals?"
Homer Simpson responded "Name one thing you've done in the past month that was fun."
"Did you steal the organ from the church?!", Ned Flanders responded.
"I admit Sgt. Skinner seems okay... but Mr. Tamzarian pulled himself up from the streets and earned our respect and admiration." Lisa Simpson said.
"Oh, it was an accident! An accident!", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "Hey, I didn't know this park was here."
"I contributed by not objecting too much." Marge Simpson responded.
"We're not picking him up!" Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "I am."
Marge Simpson responded "I can't make that man beautiful. I'm just not good enough. I guess I'm no artist."
"I just can't do that, Homer. It's a matter of principle. And I need you to support me in this.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Oh! I need a dance partner! What about you?"
Bart Simpson replied "You are fully bonded and licensed by the city, aren't you Mr. Plow?"
Marge Simpson: "Keep an eye on the kids, Homer."
"Okay, I've gotta go see the Radioactive Man movie before it gets totally ruined for me.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Uh-oh."
"Is this true?", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Now you're just tryin' to scare me.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "Hey, Homer! Your butt still looks big from down here!"
"Uh, I'll make brownies later.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Marge!"
"Bart! You're up early.", Marge Simpson responded.
"The sax.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Wasted? What about our staring contests? And the way we always knew what football coaches should've done? Remember the day we jumped that Census guy and stole his clicker?"
"You wish.", Bart Simpson answered.
"What are you looking at me like that for? You believed his cock and bull story.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Hey, Skinner! Wanna drag race?", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "Oh, Homie! You're trying to improve yourself, and it's because of my book."
"Kiss it and make it boogie!", Marge Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Come on, come on, while we're young."
"I'm sorry, I don't even know your name." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "I'm alive! I'm alive. And I owe it all to this feisty feline."
Marge Simpson responded "No! Goodnight. Seesh."
"Marge, I parented!", Homer Simpson responded.
"I can't believe it's come to this." Marge Simpson said.
"Oh man, these seats suck.", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "Just think about the day you found that Junior Mint in your bellybutton."
Homer Simpson said: "I know a genuine Panaphonics when I see it. And look, there's Magnetbox and Sorny."
Bart Simpson said: "Now you probably think Sever Five is a rip-off of Sever Four, but it's actually based on the rich history of Hong Kong torture films."
"This is no act, they're actually trying to kill us!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Did you get a good house-sitter?" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "You're right. It's time to stand up to that firm-breasted judge."
"You used to love my non sequiturs!" Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner: "One, two, three... toss!"
"HERE COME SANDWICHES / HERE COME SANDWICHES / RIGHT DOWN BOOZY BUM LANE...", Ned Flanders responded.
Moe Szyslak replied "He's gone mad with power. Like that Albert Schweitzer guy."
"You know what, honey? Just because we can't afford to keep that handbag, doesn't mean that you two can't have one night at the most glamorous place in town." Homer Simpson responded.
"Mom can't appreciate the kind of boy Nick is, because although I love Dad, he's a completely different creature." Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "What's that?"
"But I need them for the articles!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Give me the keys!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "A log cabin? What am I, Davy Crockett? Also, who's Davy Crockett?"
"No, this is good.", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "A key to your apartment!"
Homer Simpson answered "Why? What happens if I point it this way?"
"Is it my rabbit Cottontail? The one who went to live upstate?", Bart Simpson said.
"Hey, don't blame me, I voted for the green M&M." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "How's your company gonna make money? Do you have a business model?"
Marge Simpson: "Ohhh, is that where Boozer drank the pee?"
Seymour Skinner responded: "Ooh, this game is gonna get some disapproving clucks. But for now I need my tongue to talk to you. I don't want to lose Edna, so I need you to sabotage her chances of winning tonight."
Bart Simpson answered "This must be my half-brother and half-sister!"
Homer Simpson: "Hey, what's that dealy?"
Bart Simpson said "Uh, this lollipop's really for everybody."
"What if one of us has been good and one of us has been bad?", Lisa Simpson said.
"Uh oh, it's seeping in! Stupid cheap weather stripping.", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "That's awful! I almost wish it were drugs."
Lisa Simpson: "Santa?"
Marge Simpson replied: "I feel sorry for everyone who's cooped up inside watching the seventh game of the World Series!"
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Well, bah to them. Let's go, Smithers."
Homer Simpson replied: "Guys, Bob is my only hope. Back off and give him some room to think."
"Hello police? I think my house killed my husband.", Marge Simpson answered.
"I know they look a little silly, but his feelings will be hurt if you don't wear them.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Uh-huh. But this is the chair, right?"
"You know who the real victim is in all this? Milhouse." Marge Simpson replied.
"I'd do anything to cheer up my little girl." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "I'm ready. Just give me a guitar. How many solos should I do? Four?"
"I told you twenty times! You never listen!", Marge Simpson answered.
"I'd like a large fries, please. And a collector's cup." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "This isn't just because of Sideshow Bob. It's a chance to turn around all our stinking lives."
Lisa Simpson answered: "But the ride only takes a minute."
"Homer, you know how unpredictable the French are. One minute they're kissing a woman's hand, the next they're chopping off her head. What if they start a war?", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Why'd you kiss me? Are you lookin' to do the Bartman?"
Homer Simpson responded "Fish? I don't know, I'm not really a vegetarian..."
Homer Simpson: "Why you little!... /"
"Stupid Homer-hating family. At least there's one place I'm always welcome.", Homer Simpson answered.
"So it's weird -- don't worry, I'll make it fun." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Get away from that window!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "What about Bart?"
"That's right. My God, it's like there's some kind of bond between us.", Homer Simpson said.
"I almost died... and so did Willie." Bart Simpson responded.
"...So now, our own government is hunting us down like a couple of common snow leopards.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Well, if it isn't little... boy.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Pile it on! I want him to be Korean by the time he's done."
Marge Simpson said: "It's Homer, don't shoot!"
"Try-N-Save?!" Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Go!"
Seymour Skinner responded: "So, how did we do?"
"Well, duh." Lisa Simpson replied.
"That video really opened my eyes. I can see that I'm just a passive-aggressive co-culprit. By nagging you when you do foolish things, I just enable your life-script.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Hey. Bet we never see him again.", Moe Szyslak said.
"What did you say?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Then what?" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Here, Strangles! Strangles?", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "I'm just passionate -- like all us Greeks."
"Quick, pass me down!" Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak answered "Whoop, telephone."
Marge Simpson answered: "ALL ABOARD THE SLEEPY TRAIN / TO VISIT MOTHER GOOSE / BARTY'S STOP IS SNOOZY LANE / TO REST HIS SWEET CABOOSE."
"Shh!!!" Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "I never even heard about that."
"No kidding? Hey, speaking of achievers, they're thinking of spraying your old man's work space for ticks." Homer Simpson said.
"Well, obviously it isn't. My real name is Armin Tamzarian.", Seymour Skinner said.
Marge Simpson said "Bart, no fireworks! Put that back!"
Homer Simpson responded "Well... kind of... but..."
Lisa Simpson said: "Wait, Santa's Little Helper had puppies before."
"Well, it's not fair when Moleman uses his replacement legs.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "All right, I will."
"Mine has a cup holder!" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Step right up! See the magic boy! Witness mystifying feats that will leave you scratching your head until it's raw and bloody!"
"I meant a real guitar." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Fine. I'll swab whatever you say. Look, I'm swabbing the deck. I'm swabbing this giant tree that the sail grows out of. Oh! I'm swabbing the top of the ocean."
Homer Simpson replied: "Don't worry. I have a perfect way to conceal his identity."
Marge Simpson responded: "Sit down."
Lisa Simpson replied: "It is a tragedy for all us kids. But, Bart, you can't beat yourself up."
Homer Simpson responded: "First we'll buy gifts for each other. Then we'll spend the rest of the cash on a Christmas tree so large, its absence from the forest will cause mudslides and flooding."
"Mom, I was elected to make this a better school.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Hey! Now I don't get paid!"
"It's plenty good! It's great! It's just... not for me." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Ah, there's nothing like a good old-fashioned picnic. How's my kite doing, Smithers?", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"You could just rent it till the market recovers... which'll be never!" Bart Simpson answered.
"Yes, I learned you've gotta be yourself. G'night, honey.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "I've joined the Movementarians! And so have all of you!"
"Oh, Chief! I found some evidence that points to the real arsonist." Marge Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner: "That's called a hose lengthener."
C. Montgomery Burns responded "What do you think Smithers?"
Bart Simpson responded: "Ta-da!"
"Ah, morning, Homer. Ah, you're looking unusually focused this morning.", Moe Szyslak responded.
"Last-diddily-ast? He's gone! And it's all someone's fault!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Aw, she's taking a nap."
Marge Simpson responded: "Well, when you have a free night, we'd love to have you two over for dinner."
Lisa Simpson responded "How long is that?"
"Sure.", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Actually, sir, the man who lived here didn't have many friends. But you're a better person than he ever was."
"Oh, sorry.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Lisa, you still believe in me, don't you?"
"Okay, then videogames.", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Well, it's... in my case... hmm."
Homer Simpson replied "But I'm getting a home perm!"
"Did you hear that, Marge? My boy speaks French.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Oh God, my back! Suckers! My discs are grinding! Easy money!"
"I'll supervise." Bart Simpson responded.
"Why don't we all look at the photo album?", Lisa Simpson said.
"I believe you, Dad." Bart Simpson replied.
"I didn't mean to use that word! It's okay to have a feminine side. It's good in fact!" Marge Simpson replied.
"Yeah, Mom. We got hosed!" Bart Simpson responded.
"Yeah, right.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Hey! I don't remember saying that!"
"Yoink!", Bart Simpson replied.
"What are we, a piano bar?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "Bart, what's going on?"
Lisa Simpson answered "With a little middle relief, they might even make the playoffs."
"He's up in his room. Bart?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Just thank heaven everything worked out for the people we care about." Marge Simpson answered.
"Hey, what's goin' on?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Let's go find your babies!", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Why couldn't I be on one of the smart rafts. I bet they're having the time of their life." Homer Simpson responded.
"Mmm... extra-virgin..." Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh Marge, when you hold me like that..." Homer Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders replied: "No, but I'm sure Newt Gingrich wouldn't steer us wrong."
Bart Simpson answered: "A, B, C... Uh... line?"
Homer Simpson responded "There's sausage being made? Where?"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Yes."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Well... if I pick plain she'll think I'm cheap, but if I pick peanut, she may have an allergy. You just killed her, Bart!"
Homer Simpson: "Did you see that, boy? Your mom thinks you're still here!"
Lisa Simpson said: "I know, but..."
Marge Simpson answered "I'm glad you had fun, but it's time to come home."
"How did you wind up here?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Um... I-I think a woman came up with nylon stockings. I mean, probably. We certainly use them." Marge Simpson replied.
"Nah. Nah. Just, uh, hop that fence, sneak up and, uh, peek in the window there.", Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson replied "It's a murder, honey. A group of crows is called a murder."
"Now I'm a Jack-O-lantern..." Bart Simpson said.
"You stink!" Homer Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Fine. Crap all over my theory."
Seymour Skinner responded: "Edna, this is childish."
Bart Simpson answered: "Thank you."
"Homer!", Marge Simpson replied.
"Free 'n' easy, Lis. Ahh. There's nothing like an unfurnished basement for pure comfort.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Marge, when kids these days say bad, they mean good. And to shake your booty means to wiggle one's butt. Permit me to demonstrate."
"Yeah, me!", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Oooh, right next to the boss. Eh, he'll never know who did it."
Homer Simpson replied "Now, what were we talking about, boy?"
Marge Simpson responded "Kids, enjoy your extreme snack!"
Marge Simpson said: "Right here in Dayton."
Bart Simpson responded "Whuh?"
"Because I can make it so the other kids don't laugh at you so much.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Ew. How'd you get a name like that?" Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "There you go."
"Well, we'd better start our Love Day clean-up. You kids take care of the wrapping paper. I'm going to dismantle Love Land.", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "Really? What are they growing?"
"Well, you're a Happy Homer. What's your name, young man?", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson: "Whoo-hoo. It's Dad. Dad's on the phone. He's calling me."
"Area code? But it's a local call.", Homer Simpson said.
"We're all proud of you, Dad.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Ooh, got a text."
"Wow, look at this place. There's a pond for skinny dippin', a tire for skinny swingin'... I can actually feel the good vibrations." Homer Simpson replied.
"Every place has such a long line.", Bart Simpson answered.
"What would Ben Franklin say if he were alive today? He'd say... oh, think of a better opening.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Just take it and tell me!", Homer Simpson responded.
"I'll kill you! I'll kill all of you!" Homer Simpson answered.
"But I have all those old diets I still haven't finished." Homer Simpson said.
"Ah, there's nothing more exciting than science. You get all the fun of sitting still, being quiet, writing down numbers, paying attention... Science has it all!", Seymour Skinner said.
"Why? What's wrong with it?" Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson: "It's lucky for me that Legs was an experienced mob doctor."
"Nerds! You want I should mess 'em up?" Homer Simpson answered.
"These are so easy. It's obviously Tom Hanks." Lisa Simpson replied.
"...so I realized that being with my family is more important than being cool.", Homer Simpson said.
"Hey Dad, you said you were gonna play catch with me tonight.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "What the hell...?"
Lisa Simpson: "I've got the solution -- you and I are gonna make our own talking doll. She'll have the wisdom of Gertrude Stein and the wit of Cathy Guisewite, the tenacity of Nina Totenberg and the common sense of Elizabeth Cady Stanton. And to top it off, the down-to-earth good looks of Eleanor Roosevelt!"
"This room just got a whole lot cooler.", Homer Simpson answered.
"K. the C.?" Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "That's it! There's too much corruption on this force. I quit!"
Lisa Simpson: "You want me to join Mensa? Oh, that's wonderful. But don't I have to take some sort of I.Q. test?"
"Not now.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Priceless like a mother's love, or the good kind of priceless?" Bart Simpson said.
"Okay. I'll run as fast as I can, but I'm full of potato salad." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "All right, Bart. What are you up to now?"
"Uh, one thing we can all agree on though -- this little lady sure looks pretty tonight. Am I right?", Seymour Skinner responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "Oh my Lord. Well, I don't want to wait another minute to find out whether you love me anymore. I think that you should look me in the eyes and find out."
Bart Simpson answered "There's only one thing to do at a moment like this... strut."
"Bart, did you trick an Australian boy into accepting a nine hundred dollar collect call?" Marge Simpson responded.
"You know she's only fattening you up so she can eat you.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Homemaker?!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Homer, didn't John seem a little... festive to you?"
Seymour Skinner responded "No! No! Lisa Simpson!"
"Bake sale -- taken... candle snuffing -- taken... baby shusher, miscellaneous choir support -- everything's taken! All that's left is..." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "He's undead, all right."
Bart Simpson said "Hey, relax. She knows she's the apple of the corner of my eye."
"I need a place to store my cufflinks.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Yeah, there's a lot more mucus!", Homer Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders responded: "You know, Simpson, you're starting to annoy me."
Marge Simpson answered "Now, just wait a minute! I'm sure there's room for both."
Marge Simpson: "Yup. It's really boring. You kids would have hated it."
"Can I have your plate, Mr. Burns?", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "Homer, is that you?!"
"May I have you attention, please. This Saturday I will be jumping over Springfield Gorge on my skateboard. There is a good possibility I will plunge to my bloody death. Hope to see you there, thank you.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Dad, it's May 16th." Bart Simpson replied.
"GAAAH!" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Oh-ho, so it's a good thing she died. From our point of view. Financially."
Lisa Simpson replied: "I'm planting my own Bodhi tree. If I meditate under it, perhaps I can find inner peace."
"Rita La-what?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Nothing.", Lisa Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak responded "Oh, look at that show-off... kissing his own muscles. Boo!"
"Homer Simpson! When I fell in love with you, it was because of your big heart and your good looks. But some day those good looks are gonna fade." Marge Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders replied "Is that so? Well gee... maybe the old FlandersMobile could use a..."
Marge Simpson replied: "oooh..."
"Hiya, Flanders! Oooh... dinner! May I join you?" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "We had a deal. And now we've got nothing..."
"I know a great nametag place. They do fabulous work." Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "You know who's nice?"
"Thanks for understanding." Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "They don't show police chases, do they?"
Bart Simpson replied: "Yeah, well I still love this place."
Homer Simpson responded: "No, sweetie. The lesson is: never put down your weapon."
"Isn't this your posse on this glossy?", Ned Flanders replied.
"I'll take care of this." Homer Simpson answered.
"We're natural born carnies, Dad. If only we weren't tied down with a family...", Bart Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders responded "Well, I'm a truthful kinda guy."
"Not if I know cartoons!", Bart Simpson said.
"Oh! There's something I used to do in this situation, but... can't... remember...", Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "Well, that's a relief, too, knowing I'm not crazy. So I guess everything really worked out for the--"
Bart Simpson replied "But, Mom --"
Marge Simpson replied "Bubble gum cigarettes?"
"Uhhh... it's my first day!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "So? Just gimme some drugs and surgery."
"Thank you very much, Professor Science! I know what dimoxinil is. Now go and make an example of this hooligan." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"How could a man just abandon his family? By which I mean, what is the method he would use and could anyone do it?" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "That number's so big it has a comma!"
"Oh! Oh, my face! I'm not supposed to put weight on it!", Moe Szyslak replied.
"I always wondered what you were hiding under your curly locks, my beautiful yellow melon!" Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "I've got a card that can take us anywhere in the world!"
Marge Simpson responded: "Oh, but he so wanted to see women in the workplace..."
"All camping is pointless. You drive hundreds of miles to shower and sleep in a place with no bathroom or beds. I guess what I'm trying to say is: where's Maggie?", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded "My quads! Every stride is a nightmare!"
Homer Simpson: "Knock it off!"
"Hey, we shouldn't tell anyone we were here. This place should be our special secret!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Sure, it's easy to slap people when you're hidin' behind that glass!"
"He's not a drifter, Mom. That's Mr. Burns's son, Larry.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "When? When? Ich bin hungrig!"
Bart Simpson answered: "A fire?! I didn't start a fire in the teachers' lounge! I mean, what fire? I mean, a letter from school? Please elaborate."
Marge Simpson said "Okay kids, this book should help you deal with your feelings."
"No. Even she thought it was crap.", Bart Simpson answered.
"How did she know we get paid in pesos?", Seymour Skinner answered.
"Drive my kids to school?! Never!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "I miss Bart! I can't leave him in that awful camp!"
"Only the stupid ones." Bart Simpson said.
"Don't buy it! I bought one last year and it was crap construction!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Ow! My hair!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "Mom'll never know..."
"Aye-Carumba!" Bart Simpson said.
"Meanwhile, the group was having problems of its own...", Homer Simpson responded.
"Yeah, eat my shorts. Buttman... da da da da da da da da... Buttman.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Lemons..." Homer Simpson said.
"Great. You can call her from the closet phone." Bart Simpson responded.
"Don't worry, I'll be right back." Lisa Simpson said.
"Cousin Kathy invited us so our feelings wouldn't be hurt, and we're going so her feelings won't be hurt.", Marge Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner said: "Edna?!"
Moe Szyslak said: "Bet you get into all kinds of trouble he don't even know about. Am I right? Huh? Am I right?"
"Aw, geez. The old college clock." Moe Szyslak said.
"Screw that, it's Krusty time.", Bart Simpson said.
"Look, Betty, if you just give me a chance... Whh-aaaattt??!!", Moe Szyslak said.
"No. The last step is quitting.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Oh, I suppose you're going to mock me, too."
Homer Simpson answered "I will, but you know me and my crazy number thing where I always have to get to seventeen. Voop! Voop! Voop! Voop! Voop! Voop! Voop! Voop! Voop! Voop! Whoops, I lost count. Better start again. Voop! Voop! Voop! Voop!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Rumpus room. Great idea!"
Moe Szyslak replied "This'll really help with my speed dating!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "I still don't understand why you get to stay home and watch Mom work."
"I'm going to Moe's." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Care to concede that bet?"
"Are you still talking about the Earth?" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "None."
"Just keepin' you on your toes, babe." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Wow! Twenty-five puppies!"
Marge Simpson said "Homer, I'd be lying if I didn't say that this scares me a little. But we all have a calling, a reason The Almighty put us on this Earth. And yours might be to dance on dugouts."
"And I love that painting. Judging by the clothes, I'd say seventeenth century.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, a swinging bachelor, eh? Well, there's lots of foxy ladies out there..."
Moe Szyslak said: "Ooh, good! The strippers are here."
Bart Simpson answered: "'Bye, Spanky."
"WE'VE ONLY HAD A HURRICANE ONCE!", Bart Simpson said.
"I don't want Mickey Mantle, I want my Mom.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"No, Dad, I don't think...", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "My, he certainly took that well."
"Relax. Can't you see how eerily calm it is?", Homer Simpson replied.
"I'm impressed that you drew up blueprints, but these are for a go-kart track." Lisa Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Dough-nuts?! I told you I don't like ethnic food!"
Bart Simpson said: "I'm going to kill you."
"Uh, you know what? I'm gonna have to check on that..." Moe Szyslak said.
"Oh, nothing.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "Okay honey, we're almost to Palm Corners. There'll be nothing to do but lie on the beach and relax."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Dad..."
"SIMPSON, HOMER SIMPSON / HE'S THE GREATEST GUY IN HISTORY / FROM THE TOWN OF SPRINGFIELD / HE'S ABOUT TO HIT A CHESTNUT TREE" Homer Simpson replied.
"Don't worry. We got the cheese insurance." Homer Simpson responded.
"Yabba-dabba-doo!", Homer Simpson answered.
"There's got to be more trash around here somewhere..." Lisa Simpson answered.
"No, sir. I was laughing at something outside." Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "No, you're not. When my father got out of the Navy, he used to curse a blue streak. It almost cost him his job as a baby photographer. So, my mom put a Swear Jar in the kitchen. Every time he said a bad word, he put in a quarter. What do you think?"
Lisa Simpson replied "That came from Baboon County, U.S.A.!"
"Aw, it was probably that stupid cat.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "Bart!"
"What?", Lisa Simpson said.
"I have found one last myth to destroy -- the so-called legend of Groundskeeper Were-Willie.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Coolee, coolee cool! C'mon, fool! Be coolee, coolee cool!", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "So, finally, we're all in agreement about what's going on with the adults. Milhouse?"
Homer Simpson said: "Let's go make some fireworks of our own."
"Fifty big ones!" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "Don't worry, I saved the receipt. We'll have a $3,300 credit at Chanel."
Homer Simpson responded "We've gotta help her. If Marge isn't happy, I'm not happy. And if I'm not happy Moe is very happy. But for once, this isn't about Moe. What should I do, Dr. Hot Dog?"
Bart Simpson: "A brother can never be friends with his sister!"
"But it was!", Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said "Larry, please don't judge our whole family by Bart. He's the black sheep. Not that black sheep are in any way inferior to white sheep. I do not judge wool by its color -- only by how itchy it is. Ooh, look! Jazz!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "No you're not!"
"Eh, you work in the business as long as I have, you're bound to repeat yourself.", Bart Simpson said.
"That's right." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "Mom?"
Seymour Skinner replied "Now, I want you to knock off that potty talk right now."
"I've never written an eulogy before, but this time I did. Unfortunately, I left it at home.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Ooh.", Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied "I need my books!"
"Yeah, good one.", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "That's even sadder than being friends with Milhouse!"
Marge Simpson responded "I thought so too, but they said it sells."
Homer Simpson answered: "Best in the West. It rhymes."
Marge Simpson responded: "How about a bite of the world's biggest Brussels sprout?"
Marge Simpson said "Oh, dear Lord."
Homer Simpson said: "Trouble it is."
"My lame-o sister, Lisa." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "I thought I had a great idea, but I must've seen it on this poster."
Homer Simpson: "Fair enough! Kids, let's practice."
"Why is she saying all this? Is she dying?" Bart Simpson said.
"Ooh, everyone's wearing such an interesting costume." Lisa Simpson replied.
"I didn't say anything." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Well, you want to try that H. Powell?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Don't ever say that." Homer Simpson said.
"I'm sorry, Homer Junior. You'll occupy an idealized place in my heart that no one can never quite fill.", Homer Simpson replied.
"That's not what I meant." Marge Simpson said.
"Woo! Rumaki!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Won't.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Wow, Lisa. Looking at you makes me want to get married for a third time. I met a really nice exotic dancer the other night at Hugh's bachelor party."
"That's right! Let's call his business manager and tell him to spend all his money on Yankees hats and Derek Jeter jerseys." Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Owww! I'll kill you!"
Moe Szyslak: "Oh my God!"
"Marge, wait.", Homer Simpson said.
"Hey! / What are you...? / Wait a minute. / Wait! Wait! Wait! / Settle down! / No! No! No! / Excuse me! / No! No!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Ooh, Thanks, Dad."
"I don't know. You can put horseradish on your dead mother for all I care. The point is, I'm rich, rich, rich! Just look -- my dog has his own Jacuzzi!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "But when I do it, it's cute."
"Eww. I touched it. Over.", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Uh, Dad has the worst luck when he's drinking."
"I always knew some day Mom would violently rise up, and cast off the shackles of our male oppressors.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Too soon, huh?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Um, actually, my hero was the actress who provided Rocky's voice, June Foray. A true legend in the voiceover community. I'm just gonna stay on the plane and think about her influence." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Don't laugh at me! I was once like you!"
Lisa Simpson said: "Don't make me say Indian again!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "A medal? Thank you, Sir!"
"Fire, children -- hurry outside! There's no time to let today's lecture sink in!" Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, it's a dream come true, boy! I can, nay, I must, eat everything I've always wanted. Now c'mon! Every second I'm out of bed, I'm burning precious calories. Now get grabbin'!"
"But we're married.", Homer Simpson said.
"I learned my lesson -- Mr. Spangler showed me the true cost of my junk food addiction." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Cool!"
"Yo." Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "Oh, I don't want to own my own business. I don't know why I came here in the first place."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Nothing? And this ruler is unmarked and... the tabs on this pop-up book have no effect...and this tooth has no dentin! Everything is fake! What is going on?!"
"Omigod..." Homer Simpson responded.
"No.", Marge Simpson said.
"Why can't you be a little more supportive?" Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered: "I'm Lisa Simpson. And this is my family."
Lisa Simpson said: "Well, I think it's only fair I get to name him. You got to name me."
"I hope you know you're sponsoring a celebration for a murderous pirate!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"One Florence Nightingale in a box and make it snappy!", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Is it Terri?", Lisa Simpson said.
"Homer, your daughter is pouring her heart out!", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "Well, you're always trying to teach me to be opened-minded, try new things, live life to the..."
"I'll take care of this.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Leave her!"
"Yeah, that's probably what happened." Homer Simpson responded.
"I'm still not hearing no." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "'Mornin', boys."
Homer Simpson answered: "Bart! Hand me that sack of batteries!"
Marge Simpson said "Fine. If we're not going for a walk, we'll just talk about our day. I wrote another poem about a duck."
"I'll see what else is on. Hey, where's the remote?" Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Walt, why didn't you tell your story to the guards?"
"Uh... somewhere in the back. The point is we had a great time today. And to keep it that way, let's not tell your mother about our little wager. Okay?" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "And I love having you here, son. 'Cause you can wake me up if somebody comes."
Bart Simpson replied "Checkin' out a cave is gonna be awesome! It'll be dark, with rocks, and mineral formations, and plants that have adapted to harsh-- Wait a minute! This is a scam -- we're on a nature walk!"
"Boo hoo hoo, you can cry all night. It's not gonna win me back.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "Well, I learned a valuable lesson about wanting more than I could afford."
"Can I keep him anyway? Huh, huh?", Homer Simpson said.
"There's gotta be a way out of this. Lisa, chop off my hands!" Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "YOU LIKE TOMATO..."
Moe Szyslak said: "Whoopsie. Glinda, Madame Morrible, flyin' monkeys there... Can you tell me how I can get back to my bar?"
"Frankly, no. Lisa kind of took care of herself. Our oldest, Bart, was such a handful." Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "We came to talk to you about your son."
Moe Szyslak replied "Nothin'."
"Uh hmm. And yet there it is.", Seymour Skinner replied.
Moe Szyslak responded "Ya... you're right. That's the kind of thing that would haunt you."
"A.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Uh-oh, a meeting with the Mayor. How do I prepare for that?"
"Oh, my God, what is that?..." Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns: "Simpson, wait! As it turns out, there is one job available. But be forewarned, it promises naught but soul-crushing boredom."
Homer Simpson responded "Huh. What's that blinking light?"
Homer Simpson said: "Now get up here, boy! We're gonna do the Super Bowl Shuffle."
"Not on your life, Reverend. From now on, I'm my own man.", Seymour Skinner replied.
Homer Simpson replied "You sure know me, Mom."
Homer Simpson answered "Well, as long as I'm paying for the time..."
"Grampa, you're a greet grater! I mean a great greeter! Now look who's senile!", Marge Simpson replied.
"Tah dah!" Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Series?!"
Bart Simpson responded: "Can I get extra credit for a caveman break dance?"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Do we have to?"
"Yeah-huh: Athos, Porthos, Aramis and D'Artagnan.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Hey Homer, do fries come with that shake?" Moe Szyslak responded.
"Beautiful! And star-wipe, aaaand we're out.", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "If the snakes were in here we could protect them."
Marge Simpson responded: "Homie, did you straighten everything out...?"
Marge Simpson answered "What is all this?"
"Hey Willie, I think I'm onto something! Check this out!" Lisa Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders responded: "That's the worst sin of all for some reason! What can I do to make things right?"
"As in Monk?", Lisa Simpson responded.
"They'll send you tapes you listen to while you sleep. As you hear new-age music, a powerful message goes to your brain, telling you to eat less.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Her shapely gams have finally persuaded me to switch from the Julian calendar to the Gregorian!", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson replied "My tool shed! Oh Dad!"
"Television at three o'clock.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "We're getting 50% of the T-shirt sales."
Lisa Simpson replied "This is so exciting! My first time establishing provenance!"
Homer Simpson answered: "This is all my fault. I've gotta save him."
"Look! A message!", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "Nope. I'm sorry, Admiral, but you're still a stranger to me."
"Boy, I guess I was wrong about that earring. It saved us all.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "That's it. I'm outta here."
"Okay, who can take me to the airport for less than twenty dollars? I can stand here all day.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "He'll be back."
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Oh well, I used to rile the late, great Connie Mack with that one at old Shibe Park."
Seymour Skinner answered: "Ah got you, my rumpy doppelganger."
Homer Simpson said: "Black Hawk down! Black Hawk down!"
Lisa Simpson said: "This isn't a dream. I really did fail."
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Horseless sleigh."
Homer Simpson answered: "Can we at least drink beer or something?"
"The running back for the San Antonio Cow Skulls?!" Bart Simpson replied.
"Hey, man! Leave my sister alone!", Bart Simpson replied.
"Doctor, we'll do whatever it takes to get my Homie well.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Except a place to live and free food." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "This vibrating massage chair feels great!"
Homer Simpson said "A lot can happen when you're lookin' the other way."
Marge Simpson responded: "I'm sorry, honey. I'm all out. I spent all I had lighting that candle for Great Aunt Betty."
Homer Simpson replied "Prohibition! They tried that in the movies and it didn't work. I predict this is the last we'll be hearing about prohibition."
"Yeah, we'd rather have a live sissy mincing around the house than some dead hero any day.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Step right up folks! We'll answer the question that has been plaguing scientists for ages. Can hamsters fly planes?" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh, Homer, you're wasting away to nothing. You simply must eat something. Well, you're the boss!"
"Listen, buster. I had to buy a club soda I didn't want to get change for this phone!", Marge Simpson said.
"Who's going to clean up all those jets?" Marge Simpson answered.
"Daaaad!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "Oh, Homie."
Lisa Simpson: "You know, Apu, in a way, all Americans are immigrants -- except Native Americans."
"He taught us how to live a Burt Reynolds lifestyle on a Mac Davis income. We've already got tickets for his next seminar." Ned Flanders replied.
"Woo hoo! Yay Snorky!" Bart Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Thrill."
Homer Simpson replied "Pfft. Now you tell me."
Homer Simpson: "That's inspiring. What's that from? X-Men 2?"
Moe Szyslak responded "What should we do now?"
Bart Simpson replied "Wow! The Q-tip he used to kill Ross Perot! Ho-ho, everything in your house is so cool."
"He's much happier at work and, well, just between us girls... well, he hasn't been this frisky in years." Marge Simpson replied.
"Whatcha doin', sweetie?" Homer Simpson said.
"What about Cupid? He's smokin' hot.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Vengeful God / Loving God. Vengeful God / Loving God. Vengeful God / Loving God. Vengeful God / Loving God. I could do this all day. And I just might. Vengeful God / Loving God. Vengeful God / Loving God.", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "POOL MOBILE?!!"
"Oh." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied "Just tell me you're sorry."
Homer Simpson: "It's true. The jar's empty. Oh, my God, we're ruined. Christmas is cancelled. No presents for anyone."
Marge Simpson: "Oh, Homer, I love you just the way you are. Lisa, what's that number?"
"Listen, I'm really sorry about...", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Mmmmm... garnish."
"Where the hell are my keys? Who stole my keys? Come on, I'm late for work." Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "How did you get tickets?"
Bart Simpson responded "Hey Lis, there's your boyfriend."
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, there, there, I'm sure he's gone to a better place, Lord."
"I mean I will win you back.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "Homer, please."
"Ooh, look at him squirm." Homer Simpson responded.
"But worst of all, he drags down the grades of anyone who sits near him. Just look at this pattern.", Seymour Skinner replied.
"It's the most perfect wedding I could ever ask for. You even got a hip rock 'n' roll combo." Marge Simpson replied.
"Lookin' good, Honey. I think you and I might just win this tournament dealy." Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, sure I do. I treated myself to a Sanka not three days ago. But this is a real find.", Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Awwww."
"Yes! Merry Christmas to us all." Marge Simpson said.
"Note: Next year order fewer cards." Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "Lis, I don't get it. Why does Milhouse's happiness make me sad?"
"Oh, there she is, the birthday girl. Oh, your mommy tied a bow for you, huh. I'd better retie it -- the way you like it." Moe Szyslak replied.
"Let's just say I'm planning a little surprise for the execution. This cannon is going to be full when I go off. Ka-boom!" Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "And that thing where you're walking and someone's walking towards you and you each try to step aside but you both go the same way and you do it again and again until one of you just scoots around? They had seven names for that."
Moe Szyslak responded: "Hiya, pal. So, uh, how about them current events?"
Lisa Simpson answered: "Perfect!"
"No, you might as well talk about it now.", Seymour Skinner answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Yeah, me too."
Marge Simpson responded "Ohhh... Ohhh... Oh, Pierce, that's gooood..."
Homer Simpson said: "I guess I'll get started before my family gets here. How much for a taste, you know, just to get me going?"
Homer Simpson answered "Carl's family was even worse than people thought."
Homer Simpson replied: "That woman means the world to me. Would it be all right if I read from my Bible?"
"No, no!", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Why you..."
Homer Simpson: "Woo hoo! My springs! They finally came!"
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Yes, yes, yes! Now don't be stingy with the blush, Smithers."
Bart Simpson: "We can still order a replacement from the academy, right?"
"Kill, kill, kill!" Bart Simpson replied.
"Exactly.", Homer Simpson answered.
"I thought the government sent it to us as part of the stimulus package. At least that's what the letter said." Marge Simpson said.
"Hey, somebody just scored.", Bart Simpson replied.
"DON'T CRY FOR ME KIDS OF SPRINGFIELD / YOU CAN STILL REACH ME THROUGH E-MAIL / AT SMART GIRL SIX THREE / UNDERSCORE BACK SLASH / AT YAHOO DOT COM / AT YAHOO DOT COM..." Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "Thanks for bringing me here, Dad. I'll remember this day on my deathbed."
"If you love me, you'll kill me.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Now we gotta send them a basket." Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "We've never been separated from the kids for so long. I don't know how much more I can take."
Homer Simpson responded "The Lovejoys?! If this is about me drinking that holy water, let me tell you I had had like a million Doritos -- you know, the ones with the flame on the bag? Oh-ho, that bag ain't lyin'!"
"Lisa, you promised they'd be miserable. What the hell's goin' on?!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Hey, what happened to...?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Honey, our time together is precious to me. I didn't want to say anything, but I don't think I'm gonna be around much longer." Homer Simpson said.
"Hey, come on guys. Quit being so grabby." Bart Simpson said.
"Circus peanuts, raisins, nicotine gum, a library card... You got all good stuff!" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Bonjour."
Marge Simpson: "I don't know. I'm still frowny with you. Do you really think women are mentally inferior?"
"I'm listening. And it better be devastating.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "I'm okay. I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you..."
"Come on, lady, have a heart. I screwed up! I'm sure your husband does stupid things sometimes!" Homer Simpson responded.
"I did not!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "Who could be calling at this hour?"
Seymour Skinner said: "Your daughter broke a window, upended an ashcan, and hurled a Thermos-brand thermos onto the street!"
"Oh no, it won't." Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "You play the guitar?"
"Please, stop throwing fruit!" Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied: "That school is so great! Teachers teach so much better when they're paid in money, and not in chickens. Is Mom gonna come up and say goodnight?"
"Aw, it sounds like all you're looking for is a little reassurance. Well...", Homer Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Suddenly, that incorrigible Simpson boy, darted in front of me..."
"Then can we get pizza on the way home?", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "And... and?! What about loving me?"
Homer Simpson replied "JOY TO THE WORLD, A FATHER'S BORN / LET ME RECEIVE GREAT GIFTS!"
Moe Szyslak responded "Nah, you don't have to bet the money. The poker website just keeps it nice and safe, where the FDIC can't get its grubby little hands on it!"
"Oh, yes, but I'd trade it all for a little more." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "I think my leg is broken."
"All-Access." Homer Simpson responded.
"Someone will be right with you." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Please Marge... please, please, please, please, please?"
"Judge, do you have a little sister?" Bart Simpson responded.
"I see your point." Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said "The way I was raised, by Mom, I learned the truth can't be swept under the rug."
Homer Simpson responded: "The looming kablooey."
Homer Simpson answered "I guess this is it. If I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die a man."
"Well, I really shouldn't, what with my massive blood loss and all... Although I do like the occasional beer..." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Marge, I didn't tell 'em personal stuff."
"A-ha!", Homer Simpson replied.
"It's like being married to my best friend, and he lets me feel his boobs." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "To the little girl's room!"
"Cool. Mr. Flanders gave me a Krusty brand Operation game.", Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "How could you miss that huge boat coming right at us?"
Marge Simpson answered "Where were you all night?"
Homer Simpson said: "Good idea, honey. Buck, would you mind signing a couple of baseballs for my boy?"
Homer Simpson said "Come on, boy."
Marge Simpson replied "Now you stay put, young lady."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Not for babies."
"Look! A blue-collar bar! Oh, Smithers, let's go slumming!", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Oh, Homer. I am so proud of you.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Moe, what are you doing here?"
"Thanks, Dad." Bart Simpson answered.
"I see. Principal Skinner, may I make an announcement to the school?", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Wow! Kid, I won't let you down.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "Well, couldn't you just hang some colorful crepe paper in the gym?"
"So you see, my sisters were wrong. Except about the cities on the moon. I was wrong about that. So... well, you can see how anyone can be wrong." Marge Simpson answered.
"Homer's oatmeal, meet your raisins.", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded "We don't need a bed. We're not gonna be sleeping."
"I mean an award that's worth winning.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "And Lisa, my little princess."
Bart Simpson responded "When I said my stomach hurt, you were the only one who believed me."
"What! You did! Well, that's just... oh, what a glorious day! Lisa, hand me your paper." Homer Simpson said.
"Well, okay. For you I'll be as dull as Dilbert." Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, I'll never outrun them in a museum!" Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "You're not wearin' a kilt."
"I mean Lisa.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Old one?! They're convincing Marge to dump me!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Guys, I'd like you to meet Artie Ziff."
Moe Szyslak: "Oh,... my... God!..."
"Now, I know there's a handsome young man behind all that hair and dirt.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Beehive!"
Marge Simpson responded: "Homer, do you want your son to become Chief Justice of the Supreme Court or a sleazy male stripper?"
Homer Simpson said "Maybe a little morphine would get me there quicker."
Homer Simpson responded "Bart, son, if I bought you that bike, you wouldn't appreciate it."
"You know a D turns into a B so easily. You just got greedy.", Homer Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders responded: "That feeling is Mutual of Omaha."
Homer Simpson replied "Man, when's the last time Moe cleaned this?"
"I got out of school because I told them I was mangled in a car wreck." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Bummer... love-in... Dean Rusk... By George I've got it!"
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "...after we show you the wealth of jobs in the steno pool, a hearty luncheon of bison with lake beaver will be served..."
"Now you're getting creepy.", Lisa Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Smithers, I need someone who laughs at all my jokes. You know, honest feedback."
"Come on out, boy." Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner answered "Okay... I'll try."
"According to the wisdom of our elders...if you go all the way around on the swing, your body will turn inside-out.", Bart Simpson responded.
"I have never seen a good student take such a slide. Lisa, what are you rebelling against?", Seymour Skinner responded.
"Well, yeah, kinda..." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "Well, I know a place in this house where you can really relax."
Marge Simpson replied: "Sorry kids, there's no such thing as Hoverbikes. They're just a couple of Huffys on a fishing line!"
"Except me!" Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "Then it's agreed! We ask Frank Gehry to build us a concert hall!"
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh honey, think pink. Look, a salute to safe sex!"
"I'll show him.", Homer Simpson answered.
"What's this? It's enormous! Oh my God, there's another one!" Homer Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders said: "Oh, shut up. You are so banished."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Ssh."
Bart Simpson responded "Hysterical, but I traded my turn to Lisa for her dessert."
Marge Simpson replied "Homer, there's a man here who thinks he can help you."
Bart Simpson: "My homework is in your park."
Marge Simpson answered "Young man, you go work on your spelling... or I'll delete all the custom ring tones from your cell phone!"
"This looks suspicious... but delicious!", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "He'll be so happy, he'll be crying in his beard."
Homer Simpson said: "The library? Bart, can you believe we're married to those nerds?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Heh, heh, heh."
Homer Simpson answered "Thanks, honey. So you're not cool with any of the toys?"
"Ned... Rod needs to know you believe he can be okay on his own.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Hey, boy! Where you going?"
"Don't go inside -- it's a trap!" Lisa Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Welcome, your Majesty."
Lisa Simpson replied "Look Grampa, you're already getting a new neighbor."
"You wanna stay up and talk a while? I'm not sleepy.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Journalistic dynamite.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson answered "Well, what am I supposed to do?"
"Those are past-due bills." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "There's no time to explain."
"Really!?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Yes! Of course I do. HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU / HA--", Seymour Skinner said.
"We did a Lisa thing last month. And I'm glad we did, but now I think we should do something normal people would like." Homer Simpson replied.
"I've been meat-walking!" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Really? In America we do it four times a week. You come on down and I'll get us front row seats."
"And what book is that? The Ape Who Wanted A Big Bonus? Stop wasting my time, you corn-fed man-cow." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Awww, Dad." Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "Homie, I've missed you!"
Homer Simpson responded: "No! If I leave the plane, I'll be just like everyone else!"
Homer Simpson answered "Yes, we do. I got us a divorce this afternoon."
"This sucks. Where is that channel changer?" Homer Simpson answered.
"That's right." Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Firecrackers. Stinkbombs. Maps to teachers' homes."
"You're alive!", Marge Simpson said.
"Where's Bart? I haven't seen him since you came home.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Just shut up and listen. There's something fishy about Grandma. Whenever we ask her where she's been all this time, she changes the subject. And just now when a police car drove by, she ran into the house.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Marge... did I ruin your life?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Wait a minute. You're telling me the police force, the TV news, a courthouse full of people, and a popular entertainer had nothing better to do than to teach me and Bart a lesson?"
Homer Simpson said "Check it out, beavers. Delicious motel furniture!"
"Let's just say that on this day, a million years ago, a dude was born who most of us think was magic, but others don't, and that's cool. But we're probably right. Amen." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "Homer Simpson, you are a strong finisher."
Homer Simpson responded "What do kids know about spending money?"
Marge Simpson replied: "Ugh. Speaking of police..."
"Who would've thought that our visit to Itchy and Scratchy Land would turn out to be our best vacation ever.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Don't you think we should wait for Lisa? She is the President.", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "No problemo."
Marge Simpson: "Homer, let me explain something--"
"Why... you're all women!" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Good morning. You know, Marge, I was thinking about how much I enjoy your interests, so I wandered over to that theater you went to last night. And I bought tickets to their entire season."
Marge Simpson replied "My suggestion is for you to sleep in the filth you created."
Homer Simpson replied "Marge? Is that you?"
Moe Szyslak answered: "Cut, print, mail to NBC."
"Homie, what's that?" Marge Simpson answered.
"Sorry, Dad. Maybe now you'll appreciate us..." Bart Simpson said.
"Woo hoo!", Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns: "Back in a moment, my dear. We have to, uh... uh... expel some urine."
"You're supposed to be spending time with your daughter.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Good-lookin' group."
Homer Simpson: "What?"
Marge Simpson answered: "Clever title."
"All right, Homer. Whoa, you really are a sport, Dad, taking us out to a fine restaurant like Krusty Burger!" Bart Simpson answered.
"...having only one pancake leaves room for more bacon." Homer Simpson replied.
"Actually, we were just planing the father-son river rafting trip.", Bart Simpson said.
"No! I'm not done yet." Homer Simpson replied.
"That's right. And who might you be?", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "Bedbugs?"
"Come on, Homie -- your mom wouldn't have wanted you to stay in bed forever." Marge Simpson said.
"Well, what I did was..." Homer Simpson replied.
"Fine. Now just get inside already." Bart Simpson responded.
"Why? Why?", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "That's as bad as the tasteless Itchy and Sambo cartoons of the late 30s. The writers should be ashamed of themselves."
Ned Flanders replied: "But where do you put something that big?"
"Ah, that's the third game in a row he cost us, Homer!" Moe Szyslak answered.
Bart Simpson answered "Yeah!"
"Yeah, last year I broke it just so the repairman would come. But I'll be fine.", Moe Szyslak responded.
Marge Simpson said: "Oh, honey... I heard you the first time."
"No." Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "You have to do something to protect my husband."
"Hey!", Lisa Simpson said.
"Tushie!" Ned Flanders responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Probably just the house settling."
"Why would we want to go to Santa's Village? It's August." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "I don't need to know, Marge. You deserve to have your secrets."
"The Wind in the Willows." Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "I wonder why Bart and Lisa are so late getting home from school?"
Moe Szyslak responded: "Oh hey, how's it goin' there, Mr. Murdoch?"
"You traded our mattress? I had my secret cash in it!" Marge Simpson replied.
"This makes me feel special, Dad. Since I'm the one you kept, that must mean you really love me." Homer Simpson replied.
"Yeah, right." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "Thanks, Bart."
"I suppose I better. Your father's a very private person.", Marge Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Execute the cameraman!"
"Good news, honey. I found a way to prove to the town we're not losers. I've entered us in a doubles tournament." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "We love the Leader!"
Homer Simpson said: "You mean like will apes be our masters?"
"That doesn't seem fair -- they won't let him escape, then they kick him out. I wonder where he'll go." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Well, nobody loves his kids more than me!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Yeah, it's great that she's got a father-figure in her life. She--hey wait, that's supposed to be me!"
"I'm sorry. Homer doesn't mean to be rude, he's just a very complicated man.", Marge Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns: "Contact!"
"Even dessert?" Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "I guess I'm gonna have to get this party started."
"That's a lot of zeros! You know, all this truffle hunting has made me a little thirsty. Can we go home now?" Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "Um, why don't I just go sit alone and-- Oh, you're doing it."
Marge Simpson answered "When Homer's jaw was crushed-crushed-crushed, his life took a nitro-burning funny turn!"
Marge Simpson: "You're thirty-nine."
"Why you little...!" Homer Simpson responded.
"I need to get out while I still can. Thank you, Mel.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"You're not gonna let it go, are you?", Bart Simpson replied.
"It's Nelson!" Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow."
Homer Simpson responded: "No, discipline would imply I'm trying to make him better... so, are you married?"
"Homer. We gotta get out of here." Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "I suppose if he'd been able to do it that week, we might have given him the five dollars."
Marge Simpson responded: "It certainly has enriched our lives."
Homer Simpson answered "This is perfect! If I know Fat Tony, which I don't, he'll be distracted by his hosting duties. Come on."
Homer Simpson replied: "Well, you picked a perfect time to start."
"You've certainly taken a shine to that magazine." Marge Simpson answered.
"Bart, we're too worried to enjoy each other's mouths.", Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "According to Eternity Magazine you can lose weight through subliminal learning. That's where an idea is subtly implanted in your head without you even knowing it."
"Okay, here we go.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Hm. Where in the hell is that soothing music coming from?" Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Ooh, Maggie made some new friends."
"Leave me alone!" Homer Simpson said.
"Did you say beer or deer?", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "I just don't think it's a good idea."
"You don't have to help me with this, Dad.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Ow! Ow, that hurts! Owww! Ohhh!"
"They're fine.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Are we gonna do any actual math problems?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Rod, you order anything you want for your big ten-oh.", Ned Flanders replied.
"Listen, Ned Flanders murdered his wife." Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "The kids were supposed to be keeping this yard clean."
"No it isn't -- it's a lump of slush! Look at it!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Point one oh with a stomach full of bread. My final offer." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "Well, I-I... let's just rent a movie."
Homer Simpson replied "Uh, you can pick him up tomorrow."
Homer Simpson answered "Doing pretty good so far. A key ring for Marge, key ring for Bart..."
Homer Simpson answered "You know, I should get back to the treadmill."
"Five hundred and one!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Oh my God! He's getting closer!"
"No, not Brown!" Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said "Marco!"
Bart Simpson said: "Grave digger."
Bart Simpson responded: "So do I!"
"Sound off!" Bart Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak responded "Look, I'd love to discuss your problems but a pack of raccoons took over my back room and today's the day I make my stand."
Marge Simpson answered: "Are you boys through playing war?"
Lisa Simpson said "Well, Maggie weighs a lot less than... oh, I'll just go."
Homer Simpson replied: "The boy's flash drive may be in there. But I've got a lifetime of nuclear secrets up here."
Homer Simpson answered: "Um... I'll see myself out."
"Well, I won't interrupt your holiday any longer. Merry Christmas to all and to all a good... pop star slash fashionista, Katy Perry?!" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Marge Simpson: "Still no help."
"Well, as the tree said to the lumberjack -- I'm stumped.", Ned Flanders answered.
"We know, Dad. We were there.", Bart Simpson answered.
"We gotta get out and stop that initiative. Marge, I'm gonna need ten thousand veggie burritos." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Clear!"
"Joan, give me your dessert.", Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Ohhh, it sounds so real!"
Marge Simpson said "The box says it's the perfect way to spend a day. And why would a box lie to a person?"
"Um... lifting people's spirits is an interesting topic. For centuries, Neanderthal and astronaut alike have enjoyed lifting spirits.", Bart Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Are you saying my money's all gone?!"
Homer Simpson responded "You know, alarm code three six seven nine. Three six seven nine!"
Marge Simpson: "What!? What would help!?"
"So... is that standing water?", Marge Simpson answered.
"And we're here to tell you that your movies have lost their way.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "No! Well, ten beers..."
Homer Simpson said: "Little help?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Is that the radon detector?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Me using funny modes of transportation like a hot air balloon and a camel, and finally a pickup truck full of chickens? Then I get out of the truck and go thank the driver, but then I see the driver is a chicken?"
"It's me!" Lisa Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "I love you, Smithers."
"Chew, chew, chew! Swallow, swallow, swallow!", Marge Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak said "Uh, you look pretty clean. You, uh, mind if I had this dance?"
Homer Simpson said "Now Marge, when our little girl's happiness is at stake..."
"Ooo, they even have a zoo -- featuring all the NFL mascots!", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "I am Rudy Giuliani. Do as I command you. I am Rudy Giuliani. Do as I command you."
Lisa Simpson replied: "What's so good about it...."
"Great, another job lost to a foreigner." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "I learned from the master."
"Nothing beats a weapon made of weapons!" Bart Simpson responded.
"Uh, well, he seemed like a loner... kept to himself, mostly.", Homer Simpson said.
"No problem-o.", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "Well, if you don't know the right path to take, you have to be very quiet and listen for that little voice inside that tells you what to do."
Homer Simpson responded: "No, no. I'm just a kid. Leave me alone!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Wow, I must have really tied one on last night."
Homer Simpson responded "Oh."
Homer Simpson said: "Oh, I just got comfortable. Use the bottle."
"Why don't you kids come trick-or-treating with Maggie and me?" Marge Simpson answered.
"Tanks? Oh, this is just too inaccurate." Seymour Skinner said.
"Try the Flan De Leche De Cabra..." Homer Simpson answered.
"Thank you.", Homer Simpson replied.
"You know, I feel pretty good. Maybe I should just keep walking instead of going into a dark, dreary bar." Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Who are you?!"
"Dad, I know we don't normally talk about this stuff, but there's this girl at school I kind of like." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Yeah, well, yeah, well see who's got it now."
"With Norman Fell as Zeus!" Marge Simpson responded.
"Country cousins? Are they rubes? 'Cause I don't cotton to rubes.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Fine, Mr. Skeptical. Give me back your beads."
Seymour Skinner answered: "Aaaaaand freeze! Now, who in Springfield will eat the poisoned broth? Whoo, it could be anyone, even Mr. Burns."
Moe Szyslak said: "Hey, if it moves, you can bet on it."
Lisa Simpson said "Amen."
"That is disgusting." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said "Nooo!!"
"Look, the important thing is that we all learned a lesson. These guys learned the richness and variety of the world outside college.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Most entertaining, but how does that help me?" Lisa Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner answered: "Dirksen, tuck in your shirt. Jaffee, spit out that gum."
"But they're ours! You stole them from us!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Now! As an attack dog, you'll be expected to neutralize intruders.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Willie! As your employer, I insist that you..." Seymour Skinner answered.
"No. It went just as we planned, except they confiscated my thermos of cola at the door." Seymour Skinner answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, I love this song."
Homer Simpson replied: "I thought you were retiring. Why are you still here?"
"Oh, the popular singer slash songwriter slash puzzle piece.", Homer Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner said "Um... I lack confidence."
"Now the thing is, I don't have a lot of money..." Ned Flanders answered.
"I'm going after him!" Lisa Simpson said.
"You didn't think it was so horrible when you were falling down the hole.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Well, something chewed through the cellar door... and the floor is covered with paw prints...", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "Dad, it's in there again!"
Marge Simpson: "Lisa, quick. Screw these back on."
"The paparazzi! I thought we fooled them with our Cher-crow." Ned Flanders replied.
"Potatoes are clean. The poison must be in the steak." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "No! That's not gonna happen to me! I'm gonna make sure nothing distracts me ever!"
Homer Simpson replied "Can do."
Moe Szyslak: "Missed, ya son-of-a-bitch!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Yeah, you're right."
"I'll handle it. I always do.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Yeah, I love Sprawl-Mart. They've got everything. Even Christian videos with talking vegetables.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "I'm not horny, I'm mad."
"Got 'im!" Bart Simpson answered.
"I envy them." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Flanders, I said I didn't -- Tomorrow? Sure, what the hey. I'd love to come to your barbecue. I'll even bring the thickest, juiciest T-bones you've ever seen."
Seymour Skinner answered: "I'm telling you people the earth revolves around the sun."
"Well, Mel, they're swell." Ned Flanders answered.
"He's right, ya know.", Moe Szyslak responded.
Lisa Simpson said "Larry? Larry? Larry? Larryyyy?!"
Bart Simpson answered "You mean Grampa's old farm?"
Moe Szyslak replied: "Perfect."
"How come we have to go to church and Dad gets to stay home and watch cartoons?" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Why you little..."
Homer Simpson responded: "Whoa. That's a bit of a woo-hoo. Indeed."
"Boys, you will please call your new mother whatever she feels comfortable with.", Ned Flanders said.
"Something electrical might be good.", Marge Simpson replied.
"It's your fault I'm bald!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Hula out of them.", Bart Simpson said.
"Yo Paella Man! Wing one up here!", Bart Simpson answered.
"Shish ka-parm, angel food parm, moo goo gai parm... my wife can parm anything.", Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Cheer up, my chubby inner child. I've got a feeling everything's going to work out fine. Because I'VE GOT YOU UNDER MY SKIN..."
Bart Simpson answered: "Oh, gimme a break."
Bart Simpson said: "Huh -- garbage angels?"
Homer Simpson said: "How many decks will your blackjack dealers use?"
Bart Simpson replied "Gentlemen, this is an ostrich egg."
Homer Simpson said "There's a lot you don't know about me, Marge. A lot that would shock you."
"Safety... safety... die for safety." Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Bart, you have to take him back!"
"Well, I always knew you'd change the world, for the better.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "Honey, you did have a great time doing those commercials. And you made a lot of money."
Marge Simpson: "Homer? Homer?"
Homer Simpson replied: "That's me!"
"Get the... get outta... bad animals! Go home!", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "A boy who gets some on the side."
"Nooooo!" Marge Simpson replied.
"And this is Marge, our surprisingly hot nanny." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "Dad, I could actually win this thing!"
"But this isn't like a loan application or a will -- you signed away my dignity. And I'm going to get it back. Lisa, do I have my pants on?" Homer Simpson said.
"Why are we having dinner in Shelbyville?" Marge Simpson said.
"Eh, that's no help." Seymour Skinner answered.
"Marge, I'm pullin' an all-nighter for my little girl. Put on a pot of coffee, drink it and start makin' burgers.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "Oh, Homer, where have you been?"
"Aw, recycling is useless, Lis. Once the sun burns out, this planet is doomed. You're just making sure we spend our last days using inferior products.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "'Scuse me."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "A European Union?! Good heavens!"
"But don't take my word for it. Listen to this testimonial.", Homer Simpson responded.
"My baby has no future!" Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "Oh, Homie! You did care."
Homer Simpson said: "Oh, because Lisa won't tell me what flower it's from."
"Slow down!", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Sir Ian McKellen! You're my favorite Shakespearean actor!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Homer, why don't we go make the girls some custom omelettes?" Ned Flanders said.
"I'm sorry, Officer. I know I was going too fast. Just give me a ticket." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "See, Lisa? Instead of one Big Shot controlling all the media, now there's a thousand freaks Xeroxing their worthless opinions."
"And you Marge, the bringer of beer!" Homer Simpson replied.
"We sure are far from the rest of 'em. Funny how that happened, huh?", Bart Simpson said.
"Mrs. Krabappel, I didn't...", Bart Simpson said.
"Oh, really? Why did you think you could lie to me?" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"You don't want to be here.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Oh, yeah. Right.", Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "I'm done."
"Okay.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Salt me."
"Just like you taught me, Captain. Over, under, over, under, over, under, under, under, over, over, over, over, over, over, over, under, over, half hitch." Bart Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders: "No, no, you're lying! You're lying! What makes you lie?"
Marge Simpson replied "Well I think the non-card question is a valid one."
"Eh, I took this test last year. The answer key never changes. B-C-B-C-A-A-B-B-C-C-D-False-False-True-William Jennings Bryan.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Wait a minute... that flashback raised more questions than it answered?!"
"Damn right. Bart, you can't go to see that Itchy & Scratchy movie. Ever!", Homer Simpson said.
"Uh, no. Not yet. He still lives at the train yard. But he's a hungry young fighter. In fact, he's actually fighting for a sandwich." Moe Szyslak said.
"There's the gap!", Homer Simpson responded.
"What do you mean?", Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "What's he doing here?"
"TGIF! Guys, I'm off to Moe's.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "Martha Stewart! How did you get in here?!"
"You're going to Stanford! You're going to Stanford!", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "Donny's the rat!"
"Yes, Homer.", Marge Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner responded "Bart, remember the thousand-year war between the trolls and the ogres?"
Lisa Simpson said: "Well, he did vow revenge. But I can't see him doing something illegal -- he's in show business! He's a celebrit--"
Marge Simpson answered "Don't tell mama what mama don't like. Come here, you big lug!"
Lisa Simpson responded "Aww... maybe a hug will cork her cry-hole."
Marge Simpson said: "Would you like to come sightseeing with us?"
"Any moment..." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "Dr. Hibbert? Is someone seriously ill?"
"Uh-oh. You're in for it now, Dad.", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "Yeah, I guess."
"Your father sure can be thoughtful when he wants to be.", Marge Simpson answered.
"It's not a threat if I don't know what it means." Bart Simpson responded.
"Homie, I really don't think this navy thing is a good idea. What if you get called into combat?" Marge Simpson said.
"Sucker.", Homer Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Ah, nothing lifts my spirits like shopping."
Homer Simpson said: "Oh, why did I register with Insta-trace?"
"Sure.", Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner responded: "Rattlesnake!"
"It all makes sense now.", Marge Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak said: "Go grab all his money and vodka and gin. And I'll knit a nice thnord from his leathery skin."
"I know what fish sticks are! Get to the point!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Car, wake Grampa.", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said: "Ew. How long has it been since you washed your stomach?"
"Ew yuuuuck!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Are we still on for midnight bike riding?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Aw, Mom." Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "Are you mocking me?!"
"Why do you have to turn everything into one big plastic hassle? Marge, you've got too many hang-ups. Like the whole shaving trip. C'mon, I want to see those legs all furry and gross.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Are there pirates in hell?", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "That is such a girl thing to say."
"Sorry, man." Bart Simpson responded.
"They're just words, Neddie. Words can't hurt ya.", Ned Flanders answered.
"My grades will suffer! In fact, they're already suffering." Bart Simpson replied.
"You people should be ashamed of yourselves." Bart Simpson replied.
"I don't understand. Dad would never miss an open bar with chicken wings. Plus he loves Mom, and us, yada, yada, yada." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Hey Bart, do you want some ice cream? I just hit a major marshmallow vein - Ooo, I think it goes all the way to the bottom!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Lisa Simpson, with the school paper.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "You like ballet?"
"I figure I'll go for the life of sin followed by the presto-chango deathbed repentance.", Bart Simpson responded.
"NOOOOOOOOOO!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Puttin' everything back. Undo. Undo. Undo. Sports page back over the urinal, and done.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"Oh, well, it's one thing to fill in for a monkey. But a comedy legend? I wouldn't dream of it." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Oh, are you sure? We got that new propane beauty just sittin' in the back yard.", Ned Flanders replied.
Seymour Skinner answered "If you go on a field trip, don't break off from the group."
Homer Simpson said "Okay, nobody move. Nobody panic. When I give the word, everyone ever so slowly open your door and slide out. On the count of three. One..."
"Game's over, Grampa." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Not easy to juggle a pregnant wife and a troubled child, but somehow I managed to fit in eight hours of TV a day."
Lisa Simpson said "Woo hoo!"
"It's so beautiful. And just think, we're the first people to hear its song in more than four thousand years.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "I think the government has better things to do than to read my mail."
"Pfft. What do babies know?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Everyone's against me.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "The holes were drilled for your fingers."
"All in favor of skipping the poem?", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "I don't have those kind of muscles."
Homer Simpson answered "That's my girl."
"Well, son, delighted to have met you. It's good to know that there's another kidney out there for me.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Aaaaannnnnd done.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Dad, you said people would be drinking each other's blood."
Bart Simpson answered "Oh, I don't know if I should do that. My dad and I built our car together and if I drove someone else's it'd kill him. On the other hand... I'll do it."
"How dare you expose my children to your tender feelings! Bart! Don't you dare take your eyes off that Gameboy!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Cool."
"Goodbye, trophy.", Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Ooh, a carrier pigeon. Perhaps an update on the siege of Khartoum."
Homer Simpson responded "You sunk my Scrabbleship!"
Homer Simpson answered "Well, I got your note saying you were gonna bring me a bucket of potato salad."
"Lenny used the uck-word!", Marge Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak replied "Not so fast!"
Marge Simpson responded "Woo-woo-woo-woo!"
Homer Simpson said "I've never been to war, but I imagine it feels just like your first kill. The happiness swept me away!"
Homer Simpson answered "Phew."
Homer Simpson said "I'd like to know if Wes Doobner is aware of what you're doing in his restaurant."
Bart Simpson said "Homer Sexual."
Moe Szyslak replied: "Oh God, here it comes -- time-share pitch. Well I got bad credit, so the joke's on you!"
"And a state of the art detention hall, where children are held in place with magnets." Seymour Skinner answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Right back atcha, son. Aw."
Homer Simpson replied "Ten-four, princess. Is that your beer tent?"
Bart Simpson responded "Well, if you're running the show, how could you leave out, Krusty the Clown?"
"Yeah, you heard your mother.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "So we meet again, Mr. Bond."
Marge Simpson: "Remember to take a break if your arms go numb!"
"You can't do that, Dad. It's cruel." Lisa Simpson answered.
"They're terrible." Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered "You're nothing but a diabolical master thief. The kind that haunts the slopes of San Moritz or the casinos of Monte Carlo."
"Captain's log, Star date: six-five-eight-four-eight point two. After successfully conquering the Rigelians...", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Hello. Mr. Burns' office."
Homer Simpson said: "Wait'll I tell everyone about this! I'll feel important without drinking! That'll be weird."
"Then kiss my curvy butt goodbye!", Homer Simpson said.
"Don't worry, honey. I don't even know if they serve alcohol at this thing." Homer Simpson said.
"That's illegal." Marge Simpson answered.
"Do me next! Do me next!", Moe Szyslak replied.
"All right, all right. Time for Dr. TV to perform a little surgery.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "That was very sweet of the Queen, letting you go in exchange for taking Madonna back to America."
"Sure.", Marge Simpson said.
"Don't worry, sir. I'll handle this cleanly, quietly and Bart!", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "How'd you do your act? You left your magic kit here."
Lisa Simpson responded "IF YOU WISH TO BE OUR SITTER / PLEASE BE SWEET AND NEVER BITTER / HELP US WITH MATH AND BOOK REPORTS /"
Lisa Simpson replied: "Dad looks so happy."
Bart Simpson responded "Just Bart will be fine, sir."
"Mom, these are at least two sizes too big." Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered: "You wanted to see me?"
"I can't do it, Maude. I can't face their accusing eyes.", Ned Flanders replied.
"Son, there's only one thing punks like that understand: squealing. You've got to squeal to every teacher and every grown-up you can find. Coming to me was a good start.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Good day, then is right."
"Tell me later!" Marge Simpson said.
"Reverend Lovejoy? You deliver pizza now? But we didn't order a pizza. But you forgot the pizza anyway. Marge, the pizza place screwed up again.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, how nice for her!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Safety tip ninety-nine: always double-bolt your easel.", Homer Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders said "Banks? Well deposit yourselves in a seat 'cause you've earned my interest!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, no! This looks like the end!"
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "No! Wait, maybe."
"Folks, because I love democracy so much, I command you to vote for this man whom I alone have selected as your next President:" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Well, yeah, I know..."
"I've got a proposition for you, Cooder." Homer Simpson responded.
"Door to door sugar? What a marvelous idea! What's that, mother? I'm just talking to the sugar man. Mother, I'm a big boy. I can do as I wish. Excuse me." Seymour Skinner said.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Actually, I think it--"
Seymour Skinner: "What a wonderful science fair. Unfortunately, due to budget cuts we could not afford our third place ribbon. Now, in Second Place, Lisa Simpson's grim description of our short-sighted dependence on fossil fuels."
Bart Simpson: "Ow!"
"Yes, yes it is, sir." Seymour Skinner answered.
"Now's our chance. Let's go!" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "All right, knock it off!"
"Fine, I'm going home." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "It was a jailhouse romance, man."
"Damn it, Smithers. This isn't rocket science, it's brain surgery.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Whoa. That isn't good." Bart Simpson responded.
"We have meatloaf!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Dad, I think you're overreacting." Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Hey, a helicopter's landing on our lawn!"
Homer Simpson replied: "A flying rock! Call a geologist!"
Lisa Simpson replied "They'll just reboot Radioactive Man in an overpriced new origin issue and get clueless fanboys like you to line up at midnight to buy them."
"Anyhoo, I'm about to share with you a modern-day miracle. Something that has revitalized cities from East St. Louis to Biloxi, Mississippi. The magic medicine of... casino gambling!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "See? It's just a regular chair, but I attached a couple of extra legs to the back... kinda like the ones on the back of your..."
"This is my wife, Marge...", Homer Simpson answered.
"Does not." Bart Simpson responded.
"Uh, Dad, Lisa's the one you're not talking to." Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "Look, all I'm saying is, you really should think twice before..."
"It's tangy like a pepper, but crunchy like a bell!", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "Wow. So that's how Lisa got her sax."
"Really? Well, I did bring this envelope full of money." Homer Simpson answered.
"Yeah, just a little shocked. What's that? Some kinda sorting machine?", Ned Flanders responded.
"Piece o' cake. Now where's that kid with my latte?", Homer Simpson answered.
"What can I say? It hasn't been easy staying in my rut...", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Okay Homer, don't panic. Let me do the talking."
Homer Simpson said: "Oh, my little girl says the cutest things."
"Except for the face full of glass when the door finally collapsed, he did a pretty good job.", Marge Simpson responded.
"No, I told you, a mosquito came out of my Laffy Meal and bit me.", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "We are happy. We are merry."
"I'm fine! Fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine..." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Cooder, Spud. Get off that hog. You're coming to stay at our house."
"Why don't you come stay with us till you can get back on your feet?", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "Hey Dad, why don't we watch you drink from a hose?"
"You're right. It's time to rebuild my self-esteem." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "Kids? Kids?"
"So Marge wasn't cheating on me, I never hit her, and my family is throwing me an awesome party. Thank God I figured it out before I did anything stupid.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "What? There's nothing to worry about."
Homer Simpson: "Okay, that didn't work. This time move your head and don't follow through."
"Honey... don't try to remember the whole day. Just what you're feeling this second.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Look at him go."
Homer Simpson replied: "Bullwinkle."
"This taser is awesome. Finally, a practical use for electricity." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "That's amazing! ...And darling."
Bart Simpson answered: "I thought you wanted me to drum!"
"Get 'im, Ma!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Marge, with today's gasoline prices, we can't afford not to buy a pony.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Wow. How do you come up with such witty remarks?"
Homer Simpson: "Tell that to the good men who just lost their lives."
Lisa Simpson responded "They're making monkeys smoke cigarettes..."
Homer Simpson replied "Marge, let me set your mind straight about something -- that spectacular young couple is definitely better for the kids. But those kids are ours, because we made them, by accident. And now, we're gonna take them back because we love them, especially now that we've had a little time apart from them."
Homer Simpson said "Wait Marge, I don't want you to leave the house without this."
"All right, I'm comin'.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "That's a great story, Lisa! And you should stop reading right there."
Bart Simpson: "Great. Then we're all cool."
Bart Simpson responded "Thank you, Satan!"
Moe Szyslak answered "Ice-land? Is that even a real place?"
Homer Simpson said "Food fight!"
Homer Simpson said "Can't I keep an eye on that kid? He's fabulous."
"Wow! / Your own billboard! / Check it out!", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Hey!", Moe Szyslak replied.
"AND YOU LIKE POTATO...", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "Cymbals... snare... high hat... tom-tom... sticks, mallet and brushes... this is a drum kit!"
Lisa Simpson responded "Dad, I don't want to enter the tournament just to hurt Mom."
"Ptew!! Ptew!! I'm telling Mom and Dad.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Time to show them the new me. No one's happier and more well-adjusted than a standup comedian.", Lisa Simpson said.
"I need that money. Please, please..." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Oh that. It's just a birth mark and I'll thank you not to stare."
Marge Simpson responded: "I don't see what that has to do with Groundskeeper Willie."
Moe Szyslak responded "Yeah. Big deal. You got a wife. I got a rash. Who cares? Ech, I'm sorry, Homer. It's just, it's been four years since my last date with a whatchacallit, uh, woman."
"Welcome, neighbors... since the police can't seem to get off their dufferoonies to do something about this burglarino, I think it's time we start our own neighborhood watch... arooni!", Ned Flanders said.
"Come on, guys. We can't play without Bart. He's the heart of this team!", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Ah, big deal. Who needs his money? We're gettin' by okay."
"Ow!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Maybe we could bury the rocket ship inside the cake. And that would be a big surprise because I'd forget about it pretty quick.", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said: "Dad, would you like some of my Snicker-bar cheesecake?"
"Yeah, his hairdo looks so queer." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Why you little... I'll endanger you!"
Seymour Skinner answered: "Oh, c'mon, Edna. We both know these children have no future."
Bart Simpson responded: "Can I?"
"Oh fine.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Clear the couch. It's Krusty time!" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "What are you doing here, Patty-or-Selma?"
Bart Simpson: "Lou! Where are you, little buddy?"
Homer Simpson said "Arrrgh!"
"Check out those non-skybox losers, watching hockey without sushi. If you can call that hockey.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "So Marge, in tomorrow's game I'm gonna recover a fumble just for you."
Homer Simpson said: "What? Are you sure?"
"That's better." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "You should have asked first, Bart. Weddings are hard work and cost thousands of dollars."
"Eyes bigger than your stomach, eh, wolfie?" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Hey boy, check out my new car!"
Bart Simpson said "Tire fire."
Bart Simpson answered "Arewethereyet Arewethereyet Arewethereyet?"
"Hey, that time she looked right at me and didn't touch me." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Right..." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Well, Burns isn't gettin' this back cheap, I'll tell you that. He's going to have to give me... my own recording studio."
Marge Simpson answered "That's a hard hat zone!"
"Not if I can help it! C'mere, beams! Come on! Hey, hey, where you going? Oh, there's too many!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "I didn't say stop."
Homer Simpson: "Oo, look, it's Maggie!"
Marge Simpson replied "I can't. The beans'll burn."
Homer Simpson answered: "Worse."
Bart Simpson replied "Sorry, I've got a baseball game in fifteen minutes."
Bart Simpson: "Look everybody! I'm the same person I always was."
"Dad, we'd love to stay here and listen to your amusing antidotes, but we have to take these coins to the mall and spend them.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Losers...", Homer Simpson replied.
"You think I can't kill you? There's a hundred little punks graduating from Syracuse this year that would beg to kiss my ass! Get outta here!", Homer Simpson responded.
"When the time comes, we won't be in our homes...because we're all gonna go here." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "No problem."
Marge Simpson replied "I've got to tell Homer about this baby in just the right way and at just the right time. Until then please, keep this to yourselves."
"Okay, let me get this straight -- you got all this moolah, legitimately, but you're too scared to do anything fun with it?" Bart Simpson said.
"This is no accident." Seymour Skinner answered.
"Yes, well, I have ten high-priced lawyers.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Homer!", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "Look, you're Milhouse."
"Oh Dad, I missed you so much." Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "...and that's why you're acting so sweet and kind. Because Dad drugged you!"
Bart Simpson: "Mom, this is great! It makes our real house look like a pile of crap."
"Although it was suspiciously pro-lawnmower.", Marge Simpson replied.
"She does not want to... turn out like... you... didn't... not until... diplomatic... trapped... help... remember nothing!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Kids. Kids... I'm not gonna die. That only happens to bad people." Homer Simpson replied.
"Hel-lo.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Honey, I'm home!"
Homer Simpson said: "Your Daddy hit the referee."
"Hello.", Marge Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Yes! Your queen is back!"
"It's called remorse, you vile burlesque of irrepressible youth.", Lisa Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner responded: "Bart, if there's one thing I'm good at, it's pretending things didn't happen. And I think this is one of those."
Bart Simpson said "Dentist?! You said we were going to ride dirt bikes around the cemetery!"
"Back off, you unholy dreamboat!" Homer Simpson said.
"I'm sick of your lies. Secrets and lies. It's always secrets and lies." Homer Simpson said.
"Bo-ring. I'll take you to a place that's really romantic.", Bart Simpson said.
"Keep talkin'." Moe Szyslak said.
"See that hippo rolling in dung? You're the dung.", Lisa Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns said "Behold the pointed ears of justice!"
Seymour Skinner replied "Gad Zooks!"
"I wasn't joking." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Woo hoo!"
"And look at the way they've slathered those pigs with cosmetics!", Lisa Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Well, last night, I had a visit from three spirits..."
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, Lisa's still mad at me."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Uh, shouldn't you put on a batting helmet?"
"Wow, you sure get a lot of balls for a quarter." Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Mr. Burns, if you want people to do a good job, you can't bully them. You have to show them they're appreciated."
Seymour Skinner: "Yeah, yeah."
"Thanks Flanders. I have to agree that everything certainly... huh?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, what's the big deal? Bart didn't like his presents. So what? It's not like he gives us such great gifts. Remember that maple leaf ironed between the sheets of wax paper? What was that? That was crap.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Real." Homer Simpson responded.
"Hey, I'm flexible! You don't have to pay all at once. I'll be here all night if you change your mind.", Ned Flanders replied.
"Why do I ever put you in charge of the littlest thing?", Marge Simpson answered.
"Smithers! Trading me in for a younger model, I see.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Don't worry, Marge."
"SHINER BE GONE.", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "Maybe I should tell Skinner that it was our..."
"I'm collecting signatures to bring back the night sky." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Hello, is this H. Powell of Detroit, Michigan?"
"Hey!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Which one?"
Marge Simpson replied: "I'm gonna sleep down here tonight."
"Up, a father has his secrets." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "I don't know."
"Watch and learn.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Why you little...", Homer Simpson replied.
"And I'm taking all the exciting colors out of your crayons!", Marge Simpson said.
"Oh.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Will you duel, or are you a coward?!" Homer Simpson responded.
"So, Milhouse, it must be a little tough givin' up all that glamour comin' back to school, huh.", Bart Simpson replied.
"My husband's going to jail and it's all your fault! Do you know why no one likes you?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Ow, ow! Oh, real mature, Lenny.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Y'ello." Homer Simpson responded.
"Stay back or I'll boot your Prime Minister! I'll do it! So help me God I'll boot him!" Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "I guess we're not going to find anyone."
Homer Simpson answered "Yeah... Where are my pants?"
Marge Simpson responded: "Tonight let's all draw pictures of what your father just said."
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Oh, Smithers, I guess there's nothing left but to kiss my sorry butt good-bye!"
Bart Simpson: "She'll see through me like Grandma's underpants."
"Ham?", Homer Simpson answered.
"The guards are sadistic and cruel!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Is there any way to get out of this?", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh Marge, you gotta get on the net. It's got all the best conspiracy theories. Did you know that Hezbollah owns Little Dolly Snack Cakes? This stuff will rock your world."
"Oh, get off your soapbox, Simpson! Do you realize how much it costs to run for office? More than any honest man can afford." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
C. Montgomery Burns said "Oh, I so believe that."
Marge Simpson said: "Well here's another low-rated annual event -- Spring Cleaning!"
"Not bad." Ned Flanders said.
"I told him that photo would come back to haunt him.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"One more crack out of you, young man, and I'm showing everyone your baby pictures.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Now remember, we have to leave nature just the way we found it. Everything we pack in, we pack out." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Parenting. It's the one job you always know you're doing right."
Homer Simpson responded: "Stop right there."
Marge Simpson said "You look terrible."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Does anyone have any swan heads? I've got nothing but necks."
"I'm very concerned. Mr. Burns has stolen our son and he won't give him back.", Marge Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak answered "Yuh-huh."
Seymour Skinner responded: "There's no ring on that finger."
"I love watching you knit. It reminds me of watching pictures download on our old dial-up modem. Remember that day we brought it home and it was all eee, ooo, eee, ooo, onnnggg!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Rock stars. Is there anything they don't know?"
"Oh? You're going back?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Eh, shut your yap.", Bart Simpson answered.
"I think I'll be good tonight and stay in with you." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "Don't you ever get tired of being wrong?"
Homer Simpson said: "I'VE GOT TWO TICKETS TO PARADISE / I'VE GOT TWO TICKETS TO PARADISE..."
"Well, maybe it's, uh, uh... a Neanderthal, who got bitten by some angry fish.", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "I'm just whistlin', man."
Bart Simpson replied "Hey, can I have some turkey?"
Homer Simpson replied "You're all idiots. I'm putting it on Chill Thunder Lite."
"I don't know, but it is." Marge Simpson answered.
"Aww. Innocent babies whistling nonchalantly. How sweet. Maggie will be back to play with you tomorrow.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Robots... trying to kill me... and now they'll kill you... 'cause I led them here..."
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Hel-lo."
"Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. This movie's turning into Sponge Bob No-Pants!", Ned Flanders responded.
Homer Simpson: "Of how much fun I am to be around! It's always a party with Fun Dad!"
"I was wrong about you buying that truck. I'm very proud of you, Mr. Plow. ." Marge Simpson answered.
"This better work, boy. I don't wanna wind up workin' on your mother's emu farm." Homer Simpson said.
"Marge, it happened again!" Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "Fine. I'll call three numbers. What are they?"
"Bart, I told you not to get your lip disked.", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "Okay, who's ready for a wedding-theme knock-knock joke?"
Bart Simpson replied "I saved your career, man! Remember your comeback special?"
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Yes!"
"Going somewhere?" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "Huh? Why not?"
Lisa Simpson said "Grab onto this! C'mon, wake up!"
Lisa Simpson answered "Principal Skinner, as we both know, but you might need reminding, the annual bake sale provides ninety percent of the school's funding."
Homer Simpson said "Well, they would keep me company. And this pickle you're offering only sweetens the deal."
Bart Simpson responded: "Am I the only one here who's in horrible pain?"
Lisa Simpson responded "Simpson! I need a ride to the library."
"Okay, Lis. Turn on the waterworks, babe." Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Mom, I'd love to. But to be honest, I don't need new clothes."
Marge Simpson responded "Homer, can I see you in the kitchen?"
Homer Simpson replied "I won't be insured until three o'clock?! Okay, until then, I have to avoid any serious injuries or accidents on my property, or I'm ruined."
Bart Simpson replied "Let me freshen that up for ya."
Bart Simpson responded: "You sure you're not just doing all this because it's cool to be accepting of a gay family member?"
Bart Simpson said "Hi, Mom. Hi, Dad."
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Did they jump on the pile to smoosh it down?"
Bart Simpson responded "I'm using non-violent resistance."
Homer Simpson said "Marge, we've got all the fireworks we need right here."
"I have hair!... I have hair!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Do it!", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "You were right about watching him fly."
"It's your fault! I accidentally laughed at your immature prank.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Hey Moe, you got any cough syrup?"
Marge Simpson: "I don't know. It came with the house."
Bart Simpson responded: "Well, there's bound to be some splashback."
"Soyghetti-O's!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Those were idealistic days... The candidacy of John Anderson, the rise of Supertramp... It was an exciting time to be young!"
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Enough of this vulgarity. Back to your brothel, harlots!"
Seymour Skinner said "Uh, gentlemen... I'm uh... I'm starting to wonder if we've crossed a line here."
"Oh, aren't you sweet? Sharing your allowance with a poor Brazilian boy." Marge Simpson answered.
"You ate the food and looked in the mirrors! They're staying." Marge Simpson responded.
"To find out everything about you so I'd seem like a good father." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Never!"
"What about Willie?" Seymour Skinner answered.
"Lisa, basic cable said I should nurture you.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "Lisa, do you really need all these Kurt Vonnegut novels?"
"Well, this day can't get any crazier.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "This is it, Maggie -- the place where Daddy goes every morning."
"Lucky stiff. I'm working my ass off here. Good steak, honey.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Dog for sale!", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "Well, thanks for the chicken dinner. How did you know I wanted one?"
Bart Simpson responded "When I can't stop fiddlin' / I just takes me Ritalin / I'm poppin' and sailin', man!"
"Now it's simply a matter of bending down and picking up the one and only...", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Or a big joke.", Lisa Simpson said.
"You know, I was just wondering how someone who works in an ice cream store keeps such a trim figure.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Starting tomorrow, I'm a nuclear technician!"
Bart Simpson answered: "The thing is no one was hurt. I think it would be really silly to dwell on this."
"I mean, if I should slip something into your pocket, what's the harm?" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
C. Montgomery Burns said "He's crazy!"
"Go back to Massachusetts, pinko!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Who's an angry dog? Who's an angry dog?", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "Hm. Does Dad seem a little... dumber than usual?"
"Marge, the Rapture is nigh. These books will help me figure out how nigh.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "The last bar in Springfield. If they don't let me in here, I'm gonna have to quit drinking."
Lisa Simpson: "Tell it, Mom. Tell, it Mom."
Marge Simpson said: "Homer!"
Homer Simpson replied "And for the man who has everything: a tie rack motor!"
"Milhouse, I found a hive of killer bees. You wanna go throw rocks at it?", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Here's your magazines. How many of these guys are named Corey?"
"Go on.", Bart Simpson said.
"Oh! Let me know when and if you want sex, honey!" Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, why not? Everybody's doin' it." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Quit riding the brake, Otto. Give it some gas, man."
Bart Simpson said "Mom, you didn't cook the falcon?!"
"Hey, don't make me come down there!", Homer Simpson said.
"Uh-huh!" Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "Change it! Change it!"
"... A smile." Marge Simpson replied.
"Eh.", Moe Szyslak said.
"All right, I'm gonna let you guys in on something. But you've got to keep it much more secret than I did." Homer Simpson replied.
"Mom, stop! According to this, it says Bart mixed up his DNA with a fly's. I think that's Bart!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "I'm gonna miss you, son. And listen... while you're seeing all those great sights, always remember that you're representing your country. I guess what I'm saying is, don't mess up France the way you messed up your room."
Marge Simpson responded: "Even the Pope couldn't forgive this pizza... and he's letting a lot of things slide these days."
Moe Szyslak responded: "Heya, guys."
"May I escort you to the railing?", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said "Gaaah!"
"Well, I am glad you're spending more time with us, but maybe you should get a plumber to help you with that." Marge Simpson responded.
"It's better to be safe than sorry. Sorry.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Hmm, maybe I could be an expert on dinosaurs." Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "I think we need a new hairdryer."
"I wonder if other Super Bowl producers waited until three in the morning the night before to plan their halftime shows.", Homer Simpson said.
"This phone belongs to Denis Leary!" Bart Simpson responded.
"Yes, thank you, Myra. To highlight the seriousness of Bart's offense, Superintendent Chalmers will be joining us by video uplink.", Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Good idea, Marge. By the way, this Friday night I'm gonna be attending a little get-together with the boys at work. Eugene Fisk is marrying some girl in Valve Maintenance."
"Oh that's right. It's all a dream." C. Montgomery Burns said.
Lisa Simpson responded "Go, live your lives, get off my face!"
Moe Szyslak said: "I mean, we gotta be careful here. This is one them, uh, highly-sensitive joints."
"I raise a million dollars... and to sweeten the pot, my assistant, Smithers.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"My Dad says they're too expensive.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Oh dear." Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "You're rich, Grampa! You did it! And Burns can never take that away from you!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "MISS LUCY WENT TO HEAVEN AND THE STEAMBOAT WENT TO..."
Bart Simpson responded "Hey, Lis! Lisa! It's me, Bart!"
"Why do you have to eat peanuts in the shower?", Marge Simpson responded.
"Adil?", Marge Simpson replied.
"Oh! I'll be right down." Seymour Skinner answered.
Homer Simpson said "YOUR HAIR STREAKED WITH SUN-LIGHT /"
Moe Szyslak answered "Oh, there's sugar all over the bar now."
Homer Simpson answered "You're upset about something. Is this about that trip Barney and I took to Machu Picchu?"
Lisa Simpson answered: "You guys go ahead. I don't think I'd be very good company..."
"Look, Lisa. I made safety happen!" Homer Simpson replied.
"I've been waiting for this day for so long. The year is nineteen forty-six. In a war-torn world, a single flower blooms. And that flower is an angry Japanese monster named Godzilla. How am I doin', Dad?" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "And tell your friends it was great! Buy the stuff they advertise in the commercials before it."
"Ooo, ooo, can I go, Marge? Can I? Can I?" Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Oh! Very well -- lay off... Him, him, him, him..."
"Hey, little ones, Santa's back. Ho! Ho!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Well, why did this have to happen now, during primetime, when TV's brightest stars come out to shine!?", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "Worked like a charm."
"Um... I'll take... Nelson.", Bart Simpson responded.
"I don't have a cap.", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "Sweetheart, your friend Ray is in your head."
"Eh, he had a good run." Homer Simpson said.
"I hope you'll space out the tubs this year, Homer.", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Milhouse, I... I..."
"But when I grow up, I'll find other weird kids and we will have the most intense relationships ever. And I'll always love you." Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded "Well... okay. I will volunteer!"
"I can't believe we've been arrested for murder." Marge Simpson replied.
"Oh, Maggie, you got oatmeal all over. Homer, would you clean her off?" Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "So I won't get to go to camp?"
C. Montgomery Burns: "There's soda on the plane!"
"Bart, this is just Dad!", Lisa Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "I only gave him four cents for that nickel! Monty Burns wins a--"
"When the race starts, run really fast!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Wow. Elon, you're like Willie Wonka without the underpaid munchkins."
Marge Simpson replied "That sounds fine, Bart."
Homer Simpson responded "I'm Mr. X! Gimme! Gimme!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Sharing is a bunch of bull too. And helping others. And what's all this crap I've been hearing about tolerance?"
Marge Simpson: "I'm so sick of hearing about that stupid, unreliable Ray! Who, by the way, I've never even met!"
"U.S. OF A! Great song, Ted. When's our next gig? Are we goin' to New York, or--" Homer Simpson responded.
"Will that hold up in court?" Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "Okay kids, stay together!"
Marge Simpson answered: "Homer! That necklace was a priceless Bouvier family heirloom."
"Helmet? That's Springfield talk.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Well, if I'm gonna start a diet, this is my last chance to eat all the crap I love."
Lisa Simpson responded: "I think I'm gonna be sick."
Lisa Simpson answered: "What about this swordfish?"
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Excellent. Set you to your task, Simpson."
Bart Simpson answered "You're right, I'm sorry. Tell you what: Saturday night we'll go out for steaks, just you and me."
"Bart, they lied to us. Instead of giving us an education, they tricked us into designing a toy. Aren't you outraged?", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "Well, how about Louie?"
"Who's using the power tools?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Wow! Wow!!! WOW!!!", Bart Simpson answered.
"Oh fine. We're putting in an on-board something-or-other and rack-and-peanut steering...", Homer Simpson said.
"... ..." Homer Simpson replied.
"What are you dopes lookin' at? You've never seen bling-bling before?", Homer Simpson said.
"I had a little left between my toes. It quickly multiplied, and now I'm a bigger bastard than ever. But I must know -- what was it about me that made you try?", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"I don't think this was a great place to bring the children." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "The one with the amulet?"
"Lisa, wake up! They're taking Angelica to Mount Purgatorium.", Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner answered: "Thank you, sir. And what more fitting finale than to gaze reverently at Old Glory."
"And a spring for his curly tail! Huh-huh. Oink, oink, oink...Huh-huh!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Yes sir! This is a real adventure. Why, I bet there are people who would trade everything they have in the world for an adventure like this."
"Bart, don't tell your mother, but I brought you some pizza." Homer Simpson answered.
"Do you want turkey sausage or ham?", Marge Simpson responded.
"Don't wanna come out." Bart Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Congratulations! I dub thee King of the Morons, also known as Supervisor for Sector Seven-G. Here is your key to the executive washroom."
Marge Simpson: "Why do you say that?"
Homer Simpson replied: "A cougar! Die, cougar!"
"Oh, for Pete sakes. Why is that monkey wearing a diaper? I thought he was housebroken.", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Um-hmm."
Homer Simpson said: "Oooh. Pizza."
"I think he forgot, Mom.", Lisa Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "How does he do it, Smithers?"
Homer Simpson said "Hmm. This isn't nearly as complicated as Moe made it seem."
Homer Simpson said: "A whole week of just father and son! See you at dinner."
Homer Simpson replied "Actually, it wasn't me. It was my Dad, Grampa."
"That's odd. He's outside, digging.", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "I know exactly who I am. I am the sister of a rotten, jealous, mean little sneak."
Bart Simpson responded: "A boyfriend..."
"Were we ever that stupid?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Mom, I have to do this! I love that big ol' cow!" Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "Thanks, Milhouse. We make a great team."
Homer Simpson responded: "I've got something for you."
"Oh, it ain't no mystery -- whole modern world got a swishifyin' effect on kids today. And their MTV's and their diet sodas ain't gonna set 'em straight neither. You gotta do it yourself, Homer. And you gotta do it fast.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"The lady said no.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Hurry, Dad, hurry!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "'STEAD OF THE STUFF WE'VE GOT..."
Bart Simpson answered: "Uh, yeahhh! Thanks, Mom."
Ned Flanders responded "Oops! That's for me. Flancrest Enterprises is my home business."
Homer Simpson answered "Oh sure, put down a simple guy like me, who works hard and plays by the rules!"
"A ghost train! And so little time to get out of the way!... Now less!... Now none!", Homer Simpson replied.
"But Mom... tomorrow's the big donkey basketball game." Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "At least no one else has taken this drug."
"Doreen? She's cheated on you with everyone -- well, except for me. And I've showered her with gifts! Fancy soaps and massage oils and uh... what have ya..." Moe Szyslak responded.
Lisa Simpson answered: "I'm really sorry about what I did, Allison. It's no shame being second to you."
"Hey, c'mon! Those are prescription shoes! I need them!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Manjula, come quick! The octuplets said their first words." Marge Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns said "Isn't life grand?"
Homer Simpson responded "Oh just that one time."
Marge Simpson said: "It was not love at first sight!"
Seymour Skinner answered: "Our next budget item: Twelve dollars for doorknob repair."
Marge Simpson responded: "Like snuggling..."
"Uh yeah, how ya doin' there, Homer? Did you ever pass that G.I. Joe you swallowed?" Moe Szyslak responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "I need some supplies: a keg of beer, and a six-pack to hold me till I tap the keg."
"Yo.", Seymour Skinner answered.
Lisa Simpson said "Stop the tour!"
Bart Simpson responded: "Nooo!"
Marge Simpson answered: "What is it, sweetie?"
"Milhouse?!", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Heh, no kidding, I saw your reviews."
"Oh great, we came all this way and it's the wrong guy.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Oooh... how'd they get there?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Darn right. And to make sure, I want to be stuffed and put on the couch as a constant reminder of our marital vows.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Homer, how much did you just give that man?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Ice cream at church? I'm intrigued, yet suspicious." Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "Oh, honey, I can't right now. Bart's gonna be late!"
"Where'd they go?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Noooo!" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Well, that's better than me. But still, you've gotta get out."
"That's not true, Lisa, there are a lot of complicated issues here, that can only be explained through song." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "Who was that?"
Homer Simpson: "Negatively, I assume."
"Ned!", Homer Simpson replied.
"That's right. I lost my job so that you could have another 100 million dollars.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "Lesson over."
"Oh... Where are you?" Homer Simpson responded.
"No disrespect, fat man, but you'd better poop out a dirt bike.", Bart Simpson said.
"I like it in the cage. These cedar shavings are a helluva lot better than my lumpy mattress.", Bart Simpson responded.
"You wasted our money on something extravagant for yourself!", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "Look at me. I've never been so angry. My hands are shaking."
"I'm sorry, honey. Can't we just forget it and go to church.", Homer Simpson said.
"Uh... all of them. They're having a party. Jimmy Carter's passed out on the couch." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "It's our last family dinner for six weeks, but I promised myself I wouldn't cry."
Marge Simpson replied: "Homer, you can't just reroute the gas line. Do you know how dangerous that is?"
"Well, you can't possibly like Maggie best. What has she ever done? Nothin' for nobody!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Bor-ing!"
"Mom, do something!", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Uh, I'm not sure she's workin' out.", Homer Simpson said.
"Marge, I hate to interrupt the ol' solilo-diddly-iloquy, but I just want to thank you for your early Christmas card.", Ned Flanders answered.
"Good morning, Moe's Tavern!", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "Wait, wait, wait. You're putting us in a new school?! What about my friends?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, you look great."
Lisa Simpson said "Wait, you don't want me to have this cat!"
"The jewel will lead me to my baby sister? Why are you telling me this?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Arrrgh!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"I'll be fine, dear.", Marge Simpson replied.
"So do you get satellite radio cheaper in space?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Okay, the key to this thing is the manatees. Is Marge saving them or killing them?"
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Thrill as Marguerite conquers the air!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Nowhere famous."
"Oh, Bart and Lisa! You remember your father, Apu. Well, this is your father, Apu's mother.", Marge Simpson responded.
"GLOWING RODS / GLOWING RODS / IT'S MAKING ME / WEAK AND DIZZY...", Homer Simpson said.
"Hey, you want my keys?", Homer Simpson answered.
"THIS IS THE SONG THAT YOU HEAR AT THE CIRCUS / SUNG BY A GUY THAT YOU SEE AT THE CIRCUS..." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "No. I'm talking about your breakfast."
"Yes I am." Homer Simpson answered.
"Old comedy writers who now have to work at our kitchen.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Wolves are taking all our women.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "Where'd you get that scar?"
"Why do I need to eat broccoli?" Bart Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak replied "Oh, no, no baby. No, no... Okay, Part Two. Little Anthony's having his first communion at Lake Tahoe. Meanwhile Michael can't get a gaming license. But Senator Geary's got one weakness: call girls..."
"Oh yeah?" Lisa Simpson said.
"Ned, are you checking up on me?", Marge Simpson answered.
"Hey Milhouse, knock him down if he's in your way! Jimbo! Jimbo! Go for the face! Look! Ralph Wiggum lost his shin guard! Hack the bone! Hack the bone!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Bye-bye toothbrush.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "I never dreamed the future could be scary. Let's go, Lisa. We've got some worms to save!"
Homer Simpson replied: "To drink until there's no pain left in my soul. But first I'm gonna eat off someone else's room service tray that was left in the hall!"
"Faithful Milhouse. You'll spend the long, hot days by my side, won't you?", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Yes, even my personality has gotten, shall we say, an upgrade."
"But I do a great impression of him.", Homer Simpson said.
"Scantily-clad co-eds?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Vile curd!", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Homer, look what this is doing to Grampa. We have to settle this question once and for all with a paternity test.", Marge Simpson said.
Ned Flanders answered: "Okay Simpsons -- well, call me a cockeyed optimist, 'cause I think some sort of celebration party might possibly be fun."
"Homer, I've got a fozzie of a bear of a problem. Y'know, Maude and her mother were visiting Tyre and Sidon, the twin cities of the Holy Land. They must've kneeled in the wrong place and prayed to the wrong God, because, well, they're being held prisoner by militants of some sort.", Ned Flanders said.
"Well, guess I might as well head back to my store. I've got a date with some twins: my state and federal tax forms." Ned Flanders answered.
Ned Flanders responded "Simple, Simpson. Credit."
Homer Simpson replied "Oh sweetie, I found you! Now, who's gonna find us? Help!"
"Don't worry, Bart, they won't bother you anymore." Lisa Simpson said.
"This flower saved our lives." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Desalinization plant?"
"Why did I advertise my drink specials in Scientific American?", Moe Szyslak said.
Lisa Simpson responded "But why do the brawny prey on the brainy? Is it jealousy?"
Bart Simpson replied: "Oh, I can't believe I gotta spend all my free time dustin' doilies in a smelly, run-down dump for a creepy old witch..."
"Theater tickets, huh?" Moe Szyslak said.
"Bart, having never received any words of encouragement myself, I'm not sure how they're supposed to sound. But here goes. I believe in you." Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded "If Dad ever reads that book, he's gonna be so humiliated."
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Yes. Now, before I post the starting line-up I want to assure those of you whose names are not on the list, that I'm very disappointed in you. Something was lacking, let's call it heart."
"Oh!" Marge Simpson answered.
"But why?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Hey, everybody! Let's hear it for Bart!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "The scene where she escapes with the cat at the end."
"I guess. Thanks, Bart.", Seymour Skinner answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Technically he was born in Shelbyville."
Homer Simpson said "Fifty percent?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Stupid internet... whole world laughing at me..."
Homer Simpson replied "So Lenny, ever get that rebar out of your head?"
"And what's that smell?", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Hey, what's with the attitude? I just want some dealies."
"Me neither.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Oh-my-God-oh-my-God-oh-my-God."
"Dear Lord, thank you for creating so many evil criminals for us to bring in. And also, thank you for my partner Homer, who...", Ned Flanders replied.
Marge Simpson said: "I hope someone saw our ad."
"Oh, knock it off, Flanders! Don't start blubbering on me. I'm gonna miss you too... not." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Stupidity, eh?"
"Aw, look. He's doing his business." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Something I should have done a long time ago..."
Homer Simpson responded "I thought global warming would take care of it. Al Gore can't do anything right."
Lisa Simpson: "Doesn't anybody in this town read?"
Marge Simpson said "I'm sorry I'm so emotional."
"Do you think we'll ever see her again?" Lisa Simpson said.
"Excuse me, Bart's a little upset this morning, so could everyone please be extra-nice to him?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"I don't care if he was filling in for Mel Zetz! He's my son and I don't want him --", Homer Simpson said.
"Well, I am young, gifted and yellow. My interests include music, science, justice, animals, shapes, feelings...", Lisa Simpson responded.
"So the answer to our mystery lies on the other side of that ice bridge." Lisa Simpson responded.
"What's up there? / Is it a monster? / We have to know! / What's the secret?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "A-Positive."
"Ow!", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "Uh, let's talk about this outside."
Lisa Simpson responded "Jack LaLanne!"
"I'm sorry, the ticket price doesn't cover visions, miracles, or other Godly hoo-hah." Homer Simpson said.
"Oooh! Oooh! How much? How much? How much?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Dad, grab onto it!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Simpson, it's all up to you. It's showtime!"
"Um... the rabbits are cute." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Stupid town... at least I've still got Moe's... although probably not, seeing where this is going..."
"Woo-hoo! Pedal to the metal!" Homer Simpson replied.
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry..." Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "Wow. And one back?"
Homer Simpson answered "Done."
"All it takes is the right cleanser and a little elbow grease.", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "...so from now on, all hats are banned from the school."
"Thank you, dear. Now be good for Grampa while we're at the parent/ teacher meeting. We'll bring back dinner.", Marge Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner answered "How did those trucks get here so fast?"
Bart Simpson said "As a graffiti artist, there're so many people to thank... people who build walls... nighttime, for being dark..."
Homer Simpson said: "Havin' a party, Moe. I'll need four kegs of your finest imported-sounding beer."
"Hey champ. Ready to take the plunge?" Homer Simpson answered.
"SOMETHING SOMETHING LIMBO SOMETHING", Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, who am I kidding? I'm not over Maude at all." Ned Flanders answered.
Bart Simpson: "I'm sorry."
Bart Simpson said "Pfft, Supreme Court. What have they done for us lately?"
"Nooooooo!", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "I am here to give hope to the least of you. Because we all have a crayon up our nose. Maybe it's not a crayon made of wax. Maybe it's a crayon made of prejudice..."
Marge Simpson replied: "I don't know if it matters, but it was a Time Magazine. Does that matter?"
Marge Simpson answered "Oh my goodness."
Homer Simpson: "Hey, it's the beer copter!"
Homer Simpson answered "I'd like to introduce Ned Flanders, my best friend."
"I don't know." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Look Lisa, I bought you a Malibu Stacey Chinchilla coat."
Homer Simpson responded: "Honey, don't cry. It could be worse -- at least it's not raining!"
"Yeah, well, I make some crank phone calls.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "You guys lead a fascinating life. Like, why are you reading the New York Times? You don't live in New York."
"Sure, sure. I understand. But if you change your minds, I'll be here in this cave." Moe Szyslak responded.
Marge Simpson said "Homer stop! Would you please look at the drawing?"
"I'm doing it! I'm flying like the squirrel I always knew I was." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "I believe the sweet little girl in twenty-one D would disagree with you."
Lisa Simpson said "But Luigi, surely you speak Italian."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Well, we certainly got walloped tonight, eh fellas?"
"Lousy houseplant!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "...and beat you with one of those big thick women's magazines with all the ads in it!"
"These are the people in my life I could never find time for because I was too busy working.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"You should feel lucky. Not many boys have parents who can afford to take them to the opera every night.", Marge Simpson said.
"This is the National Air and Space Museum, isn't it?", Seymour Skinner said.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "You have no choice. Pie him or I'll reveal your secret to the world!"
Homer Simpson replied: "You know it's gonna be bad, but you just can't prepare yourself."
Homer Simpson responded: "I think I can answer for Apu. He's flattered, but the small-time success of Covercraft is all that any of us have ever wanted."
"What's happening to me? There's still food... but I don't want to eat it. I've become everything I've ever hated.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Hello, Bart. How are the tennis partners?"
"Night is scary...", Bart Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak said "Gotcha ya down for forty bucks. Good luck Your Eminence."
Homer Simpson said "Yeah, it's a crummy system, but what are you gonna do?"
"Their choice." Moe Szyslak answered.
Marge Simpson said "That's right, he did. Excuse me, but Dr. Hibbert has been our family physician for years, and he thought Bart was fine."
"Sure, Dad.", Bart Simpson said.
"Why did I do this for money? Why did I do this for money?" Marge Simpson said.
"Of course we are! If you wanna be.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Hey, you don't have to take that from no punk-ass crab. What's wrong with you?"
"Time for church, Bart. I bet your little friend Jessica will be there.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Either you honor my wife's coupon, or a lot more lids will be unscrewed."
"Take a look at this." Marge Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns: "Let's see, I'll take his liver, a case of Adam's apples, that motorcycle man's moustache..."
"This sucks. How come Lisa gets something and I don't?", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Now let's spend the rest of the night making sweet, sweet--"
Moe Szyslak: "Oh, now he's raggin' on air conditioners."
Ned Flanders: "Mmm-hmm. This one's fine and dandy, Roddy. It's approved by a council of Presbylutheran ministers."
Bart Simpson replied "Aw, come on, Dad, be a foodie! You're already a fatty and a drunkie!"
Marge Simpson said "You know, if I was born three months later, emerald would be my birthstone."
"Stop Milhousing your sister!" Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "ADULTS! / YOU'RE SUCH A DROOLING SNORING, BOOZING BORING BUNCH / SURLY, MEANIE, THREE-MARTINI LUNCH-ERS."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Ow!"
"Hey! They're taking our lemons!" Bart Simpson said.
"Can't.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "Good. I'm glad we had this talk."
Bart Simpson responded "I've never seen them before."
"Oh baby!" Bart Simpson answered.
"I don't mind if you pee in the shower, but only if you're taking a shower!", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Marge, to that I say boo, humbug."
Homer Simpson replied: "Lisa! Lisa!"
"Lisa, I brought you some lemonade for your protest." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Come on, Flanders, he's not that bad."
Bart Simpson responded "Huh?"
Marge Simpson said: "I knew it. If only I had nagged more..."
Lisa Simpson said: "A pie."
"Hey everyone. I sure got a lot of attention for winning this year's Race Around the School." Bart Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner said: "Well, I am gonna write a note back to Mr. Muntz."
Homer Simpson responded "Why can't I have it now? You got your present here. Basic fairness dictates... ...oh!"
"How could you spend all our money on a comic published by Lens Crafters?" Bart Simpson said.
"And the soles of your feet are jet black." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Let me finish. We could tear it down, but we'd be tearing down a part of ourselves..."
"...to the Salvation Army.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Now, let's see how the common folk are grieving for their fallen god... me." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Bart Simpson replied "Rudiger."
Bart Simpson answered "Let's go again! Let's go again!"
"Don't feel bad, Homie. I married you! And you're a million times better than-- here comes Vance!!!", Marge Simpson said.
"That's not fun!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Ah, just the man I need. Fernando Vidal, the world's most devious assassin.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "I thank you. You're too kind. Glad you enjoyed it, but I can't take all the credit. The batter did his part, too."
"Fine. I'm going for a walk." Homer Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak replied "Yeah thanks. I bought this for my funeral. It ain't got no back, so don't make me turn around."
"Well, I'm just glad I work at an elementary school.", Seymour Skinner replied.
"Actually I'm cool with one of them.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Well, Kathy, I'll tell you. It's Viagrogaine. It gives you lots of hair and what you need down there. What are you waiting for, loser?"
Homer Simpson replied "Uh, then maybe you better not look at me."
"A bat! Now that's a new one.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Agh! Rope burns!"
"Hello, you've reached the snug bug. What do you mean my car's ready?! Well you can keep it, 'cause I'm never giving up this one. Now why don't you enjoy the sounds of my wife and me making sweet, sweet love." Homer Simpson replied.
"Thanks, Mom." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Hey, where's your blue shirt?"
"Dad, did you hear something?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"What do you do Tuesdays and Thursdays after school?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Sorry. I just wanna win my son back so badly.", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson: "Yay!"
Bart Simpson: "Ow!"
Bart Simpson said: "Not me when I hit the dance floor!"
"We miss you terribly. I hope these jelly bean cookies will tide you over until you get home.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Of what? The United States of Dorksylvania?" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Right..."
"And thanks for showing my brother that girls can be cool." Lisa Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak answered: "Whoa, she just got here. Give me some advice, quick."
Bart Simpson: "Who?"
"Come on, Bart, we don't want your mother to see you crying. Here, let me help you dry those tears.", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said "I don't think Shauna should choose any of you. Shauna should choose Shauna."
"Oh, aren't you nice. Gee, this makes me wonder why morale here is so low.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "It's disrespectful to the high standards people have come to expect from Cheech and Chunk."
"Lisa got hustled!", Bart Simpson said.
"Homer, would it spoil the mood if I called home? You know, just to check on the kids?", Marge Simpson responded.
"Blood, uch! I'll just stick to the brain and kidney pie, thank you." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "Grampa, that happened a year and a half ago! We have to go save Homer."
"Oh my God! Wow. Now that's a goiter." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Uh... she was here a minute ago. She must be pooping."
"Well, I'm just gonna spill my guts: I love it to death! I'm gonna give you a deposit this minute." Ned Flanders responded.
"Then maybe you shouldn't of told her you did.", Homer Simpson replied.
"No, it's your turn." Marge Simpson replied.
"But you just said that--", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "But the cans seal in the flavor."
"But they're playing the Purple Sox!", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered "Uh... I think it needs a little padding."
"Oh, how come I never get any mail?" Bart Simpson replied.
"As President of the cultural board I was given a key to the concert hall.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Did too!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Can I join you?" Lisa Simpson said.
"Clear!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "It's a concern. A serious concern."
"Lisa. Lisa honey, wake up!" Marge Simpson replied.
"Homer, if it makes you feel any better, most of what they threw at you splattered on me. Homer?..." Marge Simpson said.
"Why you little--", Homer Simpson answered.
"Okay. We get our room and board free anyway.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Why don't you play this?"
Homer Simpson responded: "So, I beat the system."
"And I say a monkey can mow our lawn!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Hmm. My career has kinda lost momentum..."
Homer Simpson answered "You know, Marge, that Bart of ours is a little miracle. His winning smile, his button nose, his fat little stomach, his face alight with wholesome mischief... He reminds me of me before the weight of the world crushed my spirit."
"Woo hoo!" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Slide in the eighteen sixty-three confederate half-dime... and every slot is full."
"... it's stupid to divide the city over something as silly as an area code. It would be like you and mom splitting up every time you have a fight." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Why don't you put a personal ad on the internet? That's how young people date these days.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "Wow. The universe is so boring."
"You're not gonna believe it, Lis! This cool Indian guy showed me our future!" Bart Simpson replied.
"Do we screw them on the credit?" Homer Simpson said.
"Uhh... Hold please." Bart Simpson responded.
"They bought 'em a year ago, from the Mafia. It was the last of the family-owned teams.", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Hmmm. This kitchen certainly could use a woman's touch." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Just liftin' this dumbbell."
"Forget it. Sacrificing animals is barbaric. Now have the slaves kill the wounded." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Fine, go nuts."
Homer Simpson said: "Mustn't sleep. Must monitor core."
"You're the government's problem now!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Marvelous! Marvelous! Enough! I grow weary of your sexually suggestive dancing." Homer Simpson replied.
"Just ten more years! / Just ten more years! / Just ten more years!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"He sounds good. Hire him." Marge Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak replied: "I see."
Bart Simpson responded "Yeah, right, Mom. Then I'd like a rattle and a wowwipop. Actually, I would like a wowwipop."
"Okay, Bart. Concentrate." Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh my God, we killed Ned Flanders!"
"The reward for a year's worth of toil and sacrifice: Retrospecticus." Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "Hey, how come we never see you guys eat?"
"So. I let you use my leaves.", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "How many teeth do I have?"
"This place is falling apart.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Perhaps my other eye will get to the bottom of this.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Well, we do."
"Shove off, puke-holes. Get out of there! These stools are reserved for the mayor and his cronies." Moe Szyslak answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Good start! Now finish the job!"
"Bitchin'!" Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "All right, Mom. I promise you will never be billed for another call. Bobby Sherman..."
Bart Simpson answered: "Hi, Grampa!"
"Which are you saying is dead? Our marriage or our batteries?" Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner replied: "Allison, is this supposed to be some kind of joke?!"
"Oh dear, you can't eat solid foods. Those are his favorites." Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "I'm starving! Somebody bring me some food, quick!"
Marge Simpson responded "What a waste of talent."
"The way you put it, it sounds so perfect, but it's not.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh no! Dad's lost his hearing." Homer Simpson responded.
"I'll take your money. The tree's a fraud." Moe Szyslak responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "Not prostitutes, Protestants."
Marge Simpson: "Homer, please. Don't make me choose between my man and my God, because you just can't win."
"Mind your manners, Lisa." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Sorry, Carl. It's World War II all over again -- America kicks Iceland's ass."
Homer Simpson answered: "Boom."
Marge Simpson replied "This is the kitchen I've always wanted. Ooh, a bread maker-maker!"
"Homer!" Marge Simpson said.
"B-I-" Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Yes, Mama."
"Aw, that's sweet.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh, no!"
"Or else what?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Do I like chicken?" Homer Simpson said.
"Come on, Dad. Let's get outta here.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "People buy grease?"
Lisa Simpson answered "Victory for the middle child!"
"A P-P-P-P-P-Private jet!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Employee, eh? What a pleasant surprise.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"We've got to get you to a doctor right away.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Woo hoo! Another ladder!"
"Hey, Marge, surf's up!" Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "At least take off your Pulitzer Prize when you say that."
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Who am I kidding? I'm just a feeble old man."
Homer Simpson responded "Just say he's black, Moe."
Homer Simpson: "Everybody hates birds! ...Right!"
"Oh, am I?", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Hey, hey, watch what you're doin' there, sack monkey. You're bruisin' my DuraLog.", Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson said "Never went fishing, or played catch, or even hugged each other."
Marge Simpson: "It's red!"
Marge Simpson said: "Okay. Okay, the spare key is somewhere in here."
"You put my college fund on a poker site?!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Well, more of a curious George." Lisa Simpson said.
"I want my pot of gold!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Hey Homer!" Ned Flanders responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Yeah. Those guys are probably FBI informants."
"Bob!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders answered "How could this have... oh."
"I got a better idea. Let's have a fun run...on his trachea." Moe Szyslak responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "Okay, if I stop here, I still have some dignity."
Bart Simpson replied "Oops."
Homer Simpson responded "I'm watching videos of idiots wearing these glasses and not paying attention to the world around them."
Lisa Simpson said: "Quit it, Bart. Quit it. Quit it. Quit it. Mom, Bart's making faces."
Homer Simpson said "What a great job. And I could use a job right now."
"Yeah, you can't improve on nature.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "Mom, don't do this! This sport is as fun for me as having kids is for you!"
"We'll put them on later. Now can you give us the rabbi's address?", Bart Simpson answered.
"Boy, you've got to go to your teacher and tell her the truth.", Homer Simpson responded.
"LISA IT'S YOUR BIRTHDAY / HAPPY BIRTHDAY LISA / LISA IT'S YOUR BIRTHDAY / HAPPY BIRTHDAY LISA..." Bart Simpson responded.
"C'mon, jus' one more drink, Marge." Homer Simpson replied.
"My booze and cologne!", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "Woosterfield? Your family owns this place! And Woosterfield Arena! Bonnie Raitt played there! You guys must be loaded!"
Seymour Skinner said: "Edna, look. A dimmer switch could ratchet up the romance in our love nest."
Homer Simpson: "Never!"
"The first female speaker of the state assembly..." Lisa Simpson said.
"Burn this guy! He lost our good bucket!", Homer Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak answered "Aw, geez, he's got everything but the Shriners."
"Well, I gotta go." Homer Simpson replied.
"Hey Ganesha, want a peanut?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Woo hoo!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "It soaked through to the other side!"
Homer Simpson replied "Marge, where have you been?"
Lisa Simpson responded "You're sending us to a doctor who advertises on pro wrestling?"
"It's probably someone I would never suspect! Never suspect!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Come, family, sit in the snow with Daddy and let us all bask in television's warm glowing, warming glow.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Hm. It feels like food. But it has no flavor whatsoever." Homer Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak responded "I like creating disappointment. You know that little moment where people's hope dies? I feed on that."
Bart Simpson said: "True."
Homer Simpson replied "Where's the video boxing?"
"Zing." Homer Simpson said.
"Your father's just jealous because Vance was our class president in high school.", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Bye! Goodbye!"
Bart Simpson: "Uh huh. Uh huh. Uh huh."
"Whelp, time to go to work." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "All right! You caught us. What are you gonna do about it? Throw us out of town again?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Marmaduke was horrible today! Also, Marge is in therapy and she didn't even tell me!"
Ned Flanders said "Never claimed to be."
"This says I ain't allergic to pollen. So I could'a gone to the park and played with other kids. I gotta make up for lost time!" Moe Szyslak replied.
"Stop kicking my baby!", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "Stop it! That's my favorite couch!"
"Well, at least it's safer than the old bus." Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "Couldn't we just use rouge for this?"
Homer Simpson replied "No."
"Bart, you've done a truly kind thing.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Gentlemen, I bid you--"
Bart Simpson replied "Knife goes in, guts come out. Knife goes in, guts come out..."
Lisa Simpson said: "Initiate phase two."
Homer Simpson answered: "I'm not crazy. It's the TV that's crazy. Aren't you, TV?"
Marge Simpson replied: "Maybe he's getting married!"
Marge Simpson responded: "Who is this?"
"Please Dad." Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "I don't know... guilt?"
"This almost makes me want to find out how magnets work." Bart Simpson responded.
"That's ridiculous.", Marge Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders responded: "Young man, what would your mother say if she knew you were shooting nice people in the brain?"
Homer Simpson said: "Return to your homes and places of businesses!"
"And from now on I hope you'll help me out a little more than you're used to.", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "I need a dress to wear for my son's big game. He's the star, I'm his mom, and he's my son."
Marge Simpson replied: "Have you been eating that sandwich again?"
Homer Simpson said: "We don't look at you that way."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Don't swing."
Homer Simpson replied: "All right. All right! I'll take it."
"Is everything okay, Homer? Usually you have a quick one, some peanuts, a hunka beef jerky, a couple pickled eggs and you're outta here." Moe Szyslak responded.
"Can't someone else do it? That's perfect!" Moe Szyslak replied.
"What have you done with my report?", Lisa Simpson replied.
"So what?" Homer Simpson said.
"Hey, we got a reward. The head is cool!" Bart Simpson replied.
"Who said that?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Knock, knock.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Everyone in town is wise to us. We need someone new we can prank."
Homer Simpson answered: "Arrghh!"
"Yeah, he's crazy all right.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Uh... Marge, why don't I catch us some salmon?", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "A little of this and a little of that. Bulkenoids for my lats, mesomax for my delts, and estrogen blockers for that minty taste."
Bart Simpson responded: "Ah geez, when did everything turn to crap?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Almost... holy moley..."
"Easement!" Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Ow."
Marge Simpson responded: "Homer! You've got to stop insulting everyone, especially your boss."
"I can't help but notice we're leaving the hospital. When's the dog going to get his operation?" Bart Simpson replied.
"People, I'm not who you think I am. I'm just a transfer student who wanted to make some friends. Yes, I lied to you, but you only liked me because of a lie. So if you think about it--", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "No problem."
"Oh, Marge, but we've needed a new air conditioner for years! And our stopgap solution is getting cranky.", Homer Simpson said.
"What? But, but yesterday didn't you say it would be cool to cut off the head and really cheese everybody off?", Bart Simpson said.
"These lima beans are even better than the ones we had for breakfast and lunch. Oh! A lima bean that looks just like the Leader! I'll put it with the others." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Mmmm... turbulent."
"We have to get you to the emergency room!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Why are you here?", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "No, Stampy. No!"
Homer Simpson answered: "But I did delete him from my bulk email list."
"Yes, they sold it to us. So now it's our painting. We can hang it on our wall, cut eyeholes in it to spy on people, or... sell it for lots of money which we keep.", Homer Simpson said.
"Sucker." Homer Simpson answered.
"Whoa! They like each other!" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Well son, your Uncle Homer is, like eighty percent of America, whacked-out on prescription drugs."
"Yeah, well, I'm not a betting man.", Ned Flanders replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "Mom, can we buy a magnesium-vapor soak tub?"
"Maybe we should look for clues.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"What the? First we work, then I pay, then I have to eat fruit? Why was I ever born?" Homer Simpson said.
"A cow took my iPod and I punched it!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Whaa..." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "But the grocery store sells sugar for thirty-five cents a pound."
Bart Simpson responded: "Well, wherever I am, it's gotta be an improvement."
Marge Simpson answered: "He's here at last my one and only. Good-bye friends and don't be lonely."
"Never!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Then he has no hobbies."
"Eh, what're you gonna do?" Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Oh Mom, that felt awful."
Homer Simpson responded: "Not just the laundry... That would be weird, and you might ask questions. I wanna do all the chores!"
Homer Simpson said "Mr. Power."
"Oh, me too...", Marge Simpson answered.
"So, little Lisa, apple of my eye. How are things down at the ol' schoolhouse?" Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson: "Well, I'm sure someone had the time to read it."
"And it means the world to me.", Marge Simpson said.
"Huh? But we were doing such good work.", Bart Simpson said.
"Lewis?" Bart Simpson said.
"Well, they're in the business. Real people might not be so understanding.", Marge Simpson said.
"Well! Smithers, how kind of you to pay us a visit.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson: "So you think I have a case?"
"The vernal equinox?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Thanks for the lift, Tony Hawk. I've gotta go now, Tony Hawk." Bart Simpson responded.
"Big enough for two..." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Ahh, the ole fishin' hole. So peaceful and relaxing, it doesn't even matter if I catch a single fish."
"Bill Gates? Billionaire computer nerd Bill Gates? Oh my God, oh my God! Get out of sight, Marge! I don't want this to look like a two-bit operation!", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "And then afterwards..."
Homer Simpson replied "Eh, that's no big loss."
"Freshen your drinks, ladies?", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "What am I gonna do with you?"
Lisa Simpson replied: "The left! Go to the left!"
"Just read the saga and see what it says.", Marge Simpson replied.
"...but we aren't making a baby. I thought we should check, to make sure Homer has... you know, working stunt-men in his cannon.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Hey! Get off my sugar! Bad bees! Bad!" Homer Simpson replied.
"What's with these people? Why are they sitting on their hands?" Bart Simpson said.
"Season tickets?! I could entertain business clients. I might even land the Henderson account!", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "Uh-huh. Bet he used bait, too."
Lisa Simpson answered "Dad, how can you work for a man like Mr. Burns?"
Marge Simpson answered: "Because sometimes it's fun to use the good china."
"One squeaking-spring symphony coming up.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "I'm sorry. I thought he was a party robot, like in that play I wrote."
"Ah, son, it's a little chilly. Maybe you should wrap a blanket around your head." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Can you do my back?"
"Heh, heh. Yeah.", Marge Simpson said.
"Oh come on, she's a little girl." Homer Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak answered "Ah yeah, good enough."
"It's good to have the old Bart back. Plus you exposed the disturbing unreadiness of today's Army." Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "I think that was implied by what I said."
Bart Simpson said "I don't go to school."
Bart Simpson responded: "Dad, we're not in their area code anymore."
"Oh, that's so sad!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Ice cold.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "I'll say."
"If you say so.", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "Homie! Are you dressed? You have soccer setup in twenty minutes! Homie?!"
"Oh." Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner answered "Save your analogies for the analogy portion of the exam."
"Okay. Kiss me, baby! Kiss me like a frog in a fairytale!", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "Hey, you're right. This note's about Lisa."
Homer Simpson said "If it doesn't matter, then I call Snickers."
"Hey, what's this?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Never!"
Marge Simpson answered: "Aren't you glad we got out of the house and came downtown for a little culture?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Fine."
Bart Simpson replied: "Food patrol, we're all starved. Let's see what you've got."
Homer Simpson responded "Why you little!"
"... please try to tone down the psychotic violence..." Marge Simpson answered.
"Why you little...!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Forget it. C'mon, it's 11 o'clock. I need some sugar.", Bart Simpson said.
"Melvin van Horne... Sideshow Mel?! It's you! How could this happen to you... to all these wonderful performers?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Fine, cone.", Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Just sign here and your son will stand to inherit my entire estate."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Hey, the comic book store's still open!"
"There are only forty-nine stars on that flag.", Marge Simpson answered.
"C'mon! Get in there!", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "Mother-Flippers? What's this show about?"
"But I love my son." Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders responded: "Say Homer, why don't you let me take a peek at that leak?"
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Nuclear power."
"Smithers, this is a golden opportunity. If we get him alive we can put him on Broadway. Dead, we'll sell monkey stew to the Army!", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Oh, Homie, I'm so glad to hear you say that."
Moe Szyslak answered: "For you."
"Well, I'll have to discuss it with my partner.", Bart Simpson said.
"Even the abominable Doctor Lenny?", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"I'm sorry." Marge Simpson replied.
"Well, if you two ever get serious and have a baby, it'll look something like this." Bart Simpson answered.
"That's a keeper!" Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "Yeah, Homer. Room for one more."
Marge Simpson responded: "Uh... the same thing you're doing here."
"Don't tread on pee! We probably have rights!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Lousy German know-it-alls, who are they to say I'm not safe? Oh what's the matter with this thing.", Homer Simpson replied.
"To Marge. And all the blissful years I've spent hiding from her in this bar." Homer Simpson responded.
"While your father and your grandfather have a drink we're going to see sights." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Brothers, brothers."
Homer Simpson answered: "Uh, yeah -- I have no job and nowhere to go. What do I have to buy so I can sit here all day?"
"Oh, sweetie.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Is it true that if I kill you I become you?", Moe Szyslak responded.
Ned Flanders responded: "Hi-diddly ho, neighbor."
"More." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Oooh, I'll have that one. And to drink... ... meatballs."
"Then I'll do it!" Marge Simpson said.
"Eggheads. What do they know?" Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "He'll be fine."
Marge Simpson said: "I'm proud of you, Homie."
"Aw, dammit!" Homer Simpson answered.
"What's the gag?", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "All right, Helen, if I'm not wanted, I'll leave."
Homer Simpson answered "Yes, ma'am. Sideshow Bob. Yakkin' it up on the ol' yak-box."
"I think I've come up with the answer.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Three years is a long ways away.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "I've got her!"
Bart Simpson: "See that? I started to do like a little arabesque, but then I just fully went for it and pulled off the demi-entrechant. Not that I'm into that kind of thing."
"You mean this thing?", Marge Simpson answered.
"Make it seven!", Homer Simpson said.
"Hey, let me down! This is gonna leave a diamond pattern on my skin!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Aww, Marge saved all this stuff from when we were going out. The fake business card I made up to impress her..."
"MMMaybe... but you don't know Lisa. I mean she's so smart, they hooked her up to a big computer to try to teach it some things, but she had so much knowledge it overloaded and then it got really hot and caught on fire.", Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Sweet Columbia Exposition. Musk lives!"
"Homer, the game is right here!" Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "C'mon Broncos... you can do it..."
Bart Simpson replied "I can help, but it's gonna get rough."
"Look at him!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Mr. Burns, as team captain, it's my duty to inform you that..."
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Repugnant!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Ask no questions. And do not call the police, or I will kill me."
Bart Simpson answered "Snowball II!"
Moe Szyslak said "All right, I need you to get the rats outta the jukebox, and clean the vomit out of the pool table pockets, and then you've got the job. Oh, and you've gotta share your tips with Manuel, who's actually me with a fake moustache."
Lisa Simpson responded "Okay, maybe it won't be that bad."
Bart Simpson replied: "Heal... Heal... Heal..."
Homer Simpson answered: "Marge is a professional assassin!"
Homer Simpson said "I don't get it."
"Lisa, you've said quite enough. Children, drown her out with whistling and arm flatulence." Seymour Skinner answered.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Thank you, and goodbye."
Bart Simpson answered: "Enough!"
"It's hard to believe anyone in that contest can be considered smart.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded "Homie, I'm worried about how fast our kids are growing up."
Lisa Simpson responded: "I can't help but feel that if we had gotten to know each other better, my leaving would actually have meant something."
Homer Simpson said: "I thought it was twenty."
"All right, all right, all right! I promise! Okay?", Moe Szyslak responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Let's roll."
"We pay eight dollars for the night and you can take two Popsicles out of the freezer." Homer Simpson said.
"Now, why don't you show off your new friend around the neighborhood? You two make an adorable pair." Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh my God, I killed her!", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "Look, I'm not sure this place is working. The drinkers are smoking, the smokers are drinking, and the gamblers are having sex with everything that moves."
"Unless..." Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "When is my turn over?"
Bart Simpson: "Is the nest still warm enough, Mom?"
"Where's Bart?", Marge Simpson said.
"They like me because I'm brave." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "Well... Newsweek magazine did say it's good to change careers, right after they laid off all their editors."
"I wanna visit a screen door factory!", Bart Simpson said.
"Whee! Whee! Don't be scared, Maggie. Daddy won't drop you. Whee!", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "I didn't do it! I wished him well! I wished him weeelll!"
Marge Simpson replied: "Thank goodness I drove down an ironic street."
Homer Simpson responded "So you're saying you don't want to star in my movie?"
"I've been training all my life. I once swept red wine off a white carpet." Marge Simpson said.
"What?! We've got it great here. And for the first time in my life, I'm actually good at my job. My team is way ahead of the weather machine and germ warfare divisions.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "We flushed the gator down the toilet, but it got stuck halfway and now we have to feed it."
"Okay, head count. One, two, three, where's Maggie?!" Marge Simpson responded.
"Well, no... just Ringo Starr." Marge Simpson said.
"Hey, I gotta get in on this! These people have rights! The right to buy me a sixty-two inch TV!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Stupid - Principal - Skinner. No - sense - of - humor." Bart Simpson answered.
"I didn't shoot him!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Huh? It's full of lame apps: Bully Avoider, Nosebook, Insta-Grandma, This was stolen from Milhouse!" Bart Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak answered: "Yeah, thanks."
Marge Simpson responded: "Don't mess with me, I've got jimmies!"
Bart Simpson said: "We were going to keep the gray one, but the mother ate her."
Homer Simpson said: "I'm done."
"What do you mean? My book is set in whaling times." Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "LET'S GET BACK TOGETHER / GIRL, LET'S RE-ENLIST..."
Bart Simpson said: "Haven't you ever listened to yourself on a tape recorder?"
Marge Simpson answered: "Bart, what happened?!"
Marge Simpson said: "I don't know, and I don't want to know. And I'm going to find out!"
"No, no, no, no, no. No pansies for me." Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson: "Dear Lord, I know you're busy, seeing as how you can watch women changing clothes and all that. But if you help us steal this grease tonight, I promise we'll donate half the profits to charity."
Homer Simpson responded: "You stay right here."
Bart Simpson answered "Well, I guess some delicate birds are safer in a cage."
Homer Simpson said "Woo hoo!"
"Y'know Mom, after only seven hours in this amusement park, I'm finally enjoying myself. I'm actually starting to forget about..." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "You can't just leave me out here! There's not another woman for miles!"
Lisa Simpson answered: "Bart can take my place at the plant!"
"So the rumors are true: Moms can want things.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Whatever. But I think you look great already."
Moe Szyslak responded: "Oh, oh, man. Yeah, well, who's donatin' his body for that one? Huh?"
"Well, if kids are so innocent, why is everything bad named after them? Acting childish. Kidnapping. Child abuse...", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "Good God, Homer! You're turning our wonderful little town into America's trash-hole."
"Mr. Secretary, can you read the minutes of our last meeting?", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "No."
"Oh my God, our boat is upside down!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, Dad.", Lisa Simpson said.
"That is going right on stupidflanders.org.", Homer Simpson said.
"Huh.", Ned Flanders said.
"...Aw, geez, Homer! Geez! You and Marge ain't cousins, are ya?" Moe Szyslak responded.
Lisa Simpson said "Don't do it, Dad. Don't cheat."
Homer Simpson responded: "Hey son, would you have gotten any money for being class president?"
Homer Simpson said "I want fugu!"
Homer Simpson responded "You were swindled, my friend. Twenty bucks. Take it or leave it."
"They always come up with such catchy ways to make us pay for things we don't need for kids we didn't want." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Moe Szyslak!"
"Fat Tony! Are you gonna cut my head off and leave it in a manger scene at Christmas? And then an old Italian nun finds it. And she's all... No, no, no, oh, no, no! He's too beautiful to die! Ohhhh!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Unguarded stuffff...!"
Lisa Simpson replied "But why are you working at a dinosaur show? And why did you run away from me? And how did Angelica get a new wand after Baron Mortdeath burned the Wandwood Forest? And--"
Lisa Simpson said "I wanna look at the pets and write things on the typewriters and see if the new dictionaries are in!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Woo woo! The H stands for Herbert! Herb, were you adopted?"
"What about now?", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "At first I thought you were pointing to your crotch."
Bart Simpson responded "Look, I need help with my science fair project."
"Yo, it's me.", Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said "Bart, that's a blowhole!"
"So? You like the blues." Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "So I'm just some babe who sank her claws into you?!"
"It was his idea.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Don't worry, you can stay with us. I'm sure Marge will be cool.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "From the place beside the gas station!"
"Dummyball." Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "Hey, Mom!"
"No one else is doing it. I'm trying to start it. Whoo!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Marge, they don't have anywhere to stay, and they're geniuses. They'll solve all our problems. They'll elevate us to the status of kings on Earth.", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "I'll get your fabrics!"
"A...listen, guys I was thinking, uh... unless you'd feel weird about taking money from a kid...I thought maybe..." Bart Simpson replied.
"742 Evergreen Terrace, Springfield. Oh, hiya, Maude! Come on in.", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "I'm through with crosswords! My innocence died in those four hundred and forty-one little boxes."
"Hey Homer! Sneakin' kisses from the Missus?" Ned Flanders responded.
Bart Simpson said: "Hey, you're right. I call the front seat!"
Marge Simpson: "I think owning the Denver Broncos is pretty good."
"That looks like an Olympic torch to me. Your husband could be an Olympic athlete who will go on to have a great acting career." Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson: "Bart, with these powers, we can become superheroes!"
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Is it about my cube?"
Homer Simpson said: "Go ahead."
Homer Simpson replied: "Look, we can't give up. We're on TV. And when you're on TV, you dig in your claws and you never let go. Just like Bill Moyers!"
Bart Simpson said: "I don't know how we ever had fun without him."
Bart Simpson said "So long, suckers!"
"Homer, can you get the door? It's my sisters." Marge Simpson answered.
"Yeah, Dad?", Bart Simpson replied.
"I'm not the thief, the government is. Every year you make hard-working Joes like my reporter friend here pay income taxes, and for what? Aid to ungrateful foreigners, do-nothing nuclear missiles, tomb polish for some unknown soldier...", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"He's doing what he thinks is best..." Marge Simpson said.
"You guys are sneakin' in?" Bart Simpson replied.
"Denny's.", Homer Simpson replied.
"...Annnd done.", Homer Simpson answered.
"I brought him back here so he could take Nelson away and my bruises would heal." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "It's not a plant, Marge, it's a tree, and I've nearly chewed through it. Now remember, my new boss is coming home for dinner tonight."
Homer Simpson answered: "Thank you! Come again!"
Homer Simpson said "Don't look back, Marge. Don't look back."
Bart Simpson answered "But basically, Krabappel said you'd give the teachers everything they want."
Homer Simpson answered: "Now who's stupid?"
Homer Simpson: "It's okay, Marge. I've learned my lesson. A mountain of sugar is too much for one man. It's clear now why God portions it out in those tiny packets and why he lives on a plantation in Hawaii."
Bart Simpson replied: "Sucker."
"Another scoop. Sara Sloane to attend girl-on-girl book club. Moe, you loveable loser, you just made yourself five dollars!", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Fine. Take me, but let the boy go." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "That's it, that's it, I..."
"Thank you." Lisa Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Yes, brilliant! That's just the kind of far-out gimmick we need."
Lisa Simpson said "Please stay calm, everyone."
"Look, I'm here because I want to apologize for treating you like an object.", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "No, Bart. For all we know, hundreds of rescue workers are digging us out right now."
"Busted!" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Marge, my fringes are knotted again."
"Now that we're buddies, I can let you in on some of the cool scams we run at school." Bart Simpson said.
"A tattoo!", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "I think it sucks."
"Milhouse! Don't open your mouth!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Fine, you're in.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Time to take out the Euro-trash."
"Woo hoo!" Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Not sure what your motivation for that is."
"Motivated seller, Marge.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Come on weakling, get it from me."
"I know just the guy." Homer Simpson said.
"Today we celebrate the first of many, many, many, many diversity forums.", Seymour Skinner said.
Marge Simpson replied: "Good everybody. You won't believe it but we actually turned a profit today."
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, ah, thanks boy."
"Look, I know Bart can be a handful but I also know what he's like inside. He's got a spark. It's not a bad thing... of course it makes him do bad things...", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "Come on, Dad. Let's go home."
Ned Flanders responded: "Well, sir, the Lord wouldn't have placed His meter there if He didn't want me to park."
Marge Simpson responded: "No snacks! Dinner will be ready in three minutes!"
Bart Simpson responded "Hey, Jessica."
"We do?" Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "Yeesh. How much was it?"
"Here's to a happy, well-rested Marge!" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Dad, don't make me go! I'll give you a back rub!"
"I'll take everything you've got!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Hand in your beaded seat-cover." Seymour Skinner replied.
"No, no. The PTA has not disbanded.", Ned Flanders answered.
"Homie, where have you been? I've been calling all over for you!", Marge Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak responded "Yeah, that sniper at the all-star game was a blessing in disguise."
"Is the capital of North Dakota Bismarck?", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "Till death do you part..."
Homer Simpson answered: "OW! OW! My boating arm! What's going on?"
Lisa Simpson answered "Bart, stop it."
"No, our state." Marge Simpson said.
"Heat makes metal expand? Now who's talkin' mumbo-jumbo?", Bart Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "You mean I won."
Marge Simpson replied: "Ooh, I didn't know we could decorate our cars."
Homer Simpson responded "Bart! Oh Bart! Bart, Bart! Oh, Bart, my beautiful son. Why couldn't you have taken me? Of all the fates of heaven and earth, why did this one befall me?"
Marge Simpson said: "And I think Apu got lucky with my sister."
Bart Simpson replied: "Hey, man, it's me, Bart Simpson."
"Krusty, the acoustics in here are...", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "And I won't rest until I've gotten a hot dog."
Moe Szyslak: "Must be another mouse in the pipe. Let's see if this cobra solves it."
"You ruined it on purpose. You want the old folks to be zombies -- because it makes your jobs easier!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Well, uh, your thanks makes it all worth it." Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Too late!"
"This is our house. There's nothing buried here but hopes and dreams!" Bart Simpson said.
"Listen, I'm real sorry I busted your shack. Let me make it up to you. I know a ravine where there's a rusted-out car." Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "Griddler on the Roof? Thank God It's Fried Eggs? Luftwaffle's?"
"I have a solution!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "What did I do to deserve this?"
Bart Simpson answered: "Lou, if that plane leaves the ground and you're not on it, you'll regret it. Maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow, but soon, and definitely after they kill you and make you into sloppy Joes."
Homer Simpson replied "And is that us on the roof?"
Lisa Simpson answered: "Dad, stop!"
"Homer, are you sure this is the right way? The road seems to have gotten awfully bumpy.", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "I'll never forget you."
Homer Simpson answered "You look great, sweetheart."
Homer Simpson responded "The Batmobile!"
"My daughter's a vegetarian." Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "And Ned, I haven't seen you this happy in years."
Bart Simpson answered: "Gimme some nachos, Homersaurous."
"Maggie, what do you think?", Lisa Simpson responded.
"So, how's the little tyke doin'?" Moe Szyslak said.
"Come on, let's go! What are you waiting for? Come on.", Marge Simpson replied.
"I guess there's just no place for truth and bravery in today's media." Lisa Simpson replied.
"I have misplaced my pants.", Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, we'll be honest. We could never lie to you, Mel." Moe Szyslak answered.
"Almost there." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "From fast food to fine dining?"
"Will do.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "Well, life is like a box of chocolates --"
Moe Szyslak said "Well, I'm not hangin' around for that."
Homer Simpson answered: "Really?"
"Uh... Maggie?" Homer Simpson answered.
"And that's why I was tardy today." Bart Simpson replied.
"... So then, his wife comes through the door!!!", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Homer, watch your lang... Oooooh. That's a lifesaver."
"C'mon, big guy. This'll help you get to sleep.", Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "I'm a lucky woman."
Homer Simpson said "Oh yeah, that's the stuff."
"Nice old man. Don't break a hip.", Homer Simpson answered.
"I SEE A BAD MOON RISING...", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Woo hoo!"
"I mean in this day and age, when the link between sex and pregnancy has been proven so... conclusively in... scientific American, where..." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded "Listen, kids. You're eight and ten years old now. I can't be fighting all your battles for you."
"Patience, my pet." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Moe? Hey, Moe? Oh, you're thinking about all the money you blew, aren'tcha?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Uh..."
Bart Simpson said: "All right, I'll watch a DVD."
Bart Simpson said "I don't know who that is, but I'm convinced. Let's start cutting."
Lisa Simpson said: "You stink Strawberry. We want Home-run Homer!"
Seymour Skinner answered: "Mrs. Krabappel, Bart has something he wants to say to you."
"You didn't believe me when I said it would be fun, did you?" Seymour Skinner responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Absolutely not."
"Look at me! I'm Bart!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "But' nothing, Marge. She's a heifer, plain and simple."
"The perfect crime, eh?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Why don't you turn off the TV and join us for dessert? I made a pie." Marge Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner responded "Oh, Lord."
Homer Simpson: "Oh for God's-- now? Do you have to?"
"Now remember, don't be the way you normally are, and sustain that for the rest of your life." Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Dad, I'm no fan of Bart's cartoon, but you have a real problem with anger."
"Huh?" Homer Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders said: "Actually, it's kind of cute. You look like Posh Spice."
Homer Simpson answered: "You're right. Gimme a minute. Hmmm."
Lisa Simpson answered "I can really celebrate Christmas?"
"...And five hundred dollars for Yankee tickets, which turn out to be bogus...", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded: "Sorry sweetie, I just needed to get that out of my system."
Lisa Simpson: "Guys, stop throwing things in the hole -- the more you throw in, the bigger and more dangerous it becomes!"
Bart Simpson replied: "Oh c'mon, I'll roll the dice for you."
"Dammit!" Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "What's that? A home-made bat?"
"So, you still think I'm crazy for saving all your hair trimmings?" Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "Ha, ha, you read books."
Homer Simpson responded "When do I get to move back home?"
Bart Simpson responded: "Mom, can Otto live in our garage for as long as he wants? He sure can!"
Marge Simpson responded "Holy Christmas."
"You're welcome." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "No, I'd rather die!"
"It also says we will receive royalties in perpetuity, a bottomless keg of beer and unlimited use of the Duff corporate jet." Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "Dear Lisa. Psych. Psych, psych, psych. Signed, Super-psych."
Homer Simpson: "Yeah, so I'm going to have to work late, instead of seeing you and the kids, which is what I really want."
"It looks like part of Scratchy's arm." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Oh, what's the point?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Woo hoo!" Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "Why you little...!"
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Oh, I enjoy all the popular youth trends. Like, uh, mm...piloting motorcoaches... and, uh..."
"She's really enjoying Alaska." Marge Simpson replied.
"Well, last year you got a little rambunctious and mooned the poor umpire." Marge Simpson said.
"She wants to break up?", Seymour Skinner replied.
"Intelligence indicates he shakes down kids for quarters at the Arcade, then heads to the Kwik-E-Mart for a cherry Squishee." Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Hm. For a man who likes electric cars, he sure burns a lot of rocket fuel."
Homer Simpson: "Foul temptress! I'll bet she thinks Ziggy's gotten too preachy, too."
"Hm, North Haverbrook. The very name conjures up romance and intrigue." Bart Simpson said.
"... Gotta find a good deed." Homer Simpson replied.
"Yeah. so, what did you do this weekend, Smithers?" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"The light from your eyes could guide a ship at sea.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "Dad's feet."
"I will when Mrs. Claus's sisters get out of town. Thanks for listening, kid.", Homer Simpson said.
"Hey, this job's fallin' apart! Everyone head for a different airport and we meet in Rio in a year with new faces!", Moe Szyslak answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "No. Not really."
"I'VE GOT YOU DEEP IN THE HEART OF ME..." Homer Simpson answered.
"Woo hoo!", Bart Simpson answered.
"Homie, stop! You're not a God!", Marge Simpson said.
"Aha." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Ned does everything with class. Whether he's punching in his ATM code...or keeping clean in the shower..."
"Don't worry, I've been working on it. Hm... yes... uh huh... carry the two..." Homer Simpson responded.
"My poor Lisa. If you can't make a leap of faith now and then, well... I feel sorry for you." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Okay."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "I'm so sorry, Mr. Burns. I won't disturb you again."
"Krusty? Hi. Is it okay if I sit down here?", Bart Simpson said.
"Too close.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Wait, wait, wait, wait... I read somewhere your people are hospitable to guests. Is that true?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Uh-um." Lisa Simpson responded.
"I knew it. You're there. Just hear me out." Bart Simpson responded.
"Yes! Yes! In your face, losers! This helicopter is taking off!", Homer Simpson responded.
"That tree's been in Springfield since the time of our forefathers. Give it back or we'll bust in there and take it!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Well, I'm not usually one to take the word of a Dane... plus, how can I afford it?"
"What am I doing? Untent! Untent! Oh Bart, I want to win, but not like this. I'm sorry. You're fired!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"The only applause I got was for dragging my carcass out of there." Homer Simpson replied.
"No." Bart Simpson replied.
"And if scaring old ladies don't float your boat, watch this!" Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns said "What's the delay?"
"Can someone open this bottle of mother wolf placenta for me?", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Bart Simpson said "Let me try."
"Now, this situation is guaranteed to end in pregnancy." Homer Simpson said.
"What up, man? This is my manager slash sister, Lisa.", Bart Simpson replied.
"What happened to you two?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Come 'n' get it barnacles!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oy, yoy yoy yoy yoy." Marge Simpson responded.
"Speaking in tongues. What great kids.", Ned Flanders responded.
Bart Simpson answered "Memo to self: Lock door."
Moe Szyslak responded: "The Salvation Army? You got it."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Okay, bottom line: I need an extra-curricular activity, and no one else will coach you loveable losers."
"Substantially-less", Marge Simpson replied.
"You wouldn't understand, Dad. You're not with it." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "You don't have to worship him. He's not a God."
Seymour Skinner: "We don't have time for guessing games."
"Homie, you should be proud. Only a handful of people have done what you've done.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Oh, this is not good.", Homer Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak replied "Think of the children! Won't somebody please think of the children?!"
Homer Simpson replied: "I never thought I'd say this, but... Stupid Flanders."
Lisa Simpson responded: "I feel so terrible. I just wanted to save those animals while Bart became a drummer... but I never thought the two stories would intersect."
"Okay, now let's say I put a Lean Cuisine in a blender and I pour some beer on it. What do you call that?" Moe Szyslak responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Wow, TV's Kent Brockman."
"Nausea... cravings... knocked-up feeling... She was pregnant with Bart! And that's the reason she stayed with me.,nausea cravings knocked-up feeling she was pregnant with bart and thats the reason she stayed with me,17", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "Oh, there it is."
"See? The ladies know what I'm talkin' about." Marge Simpson replied.
"Uh-huh...", Bart Simpson said.
"Marge, we have a problem here." Homer Simpson said.
"Stop it, you two, and put on some nice clothes. Since it's just the four of us tonight, we're having dinner at the Rusty Barnacle." Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "That's what I'm gettin', how 'bout you?"
"You think I won't manhandle a little boy?!", Homer Simpson answered.
"What the?! Well, he's more of a father to me than you've ever been." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Let's compromise and say nobody said it."
"What?! Homer! Our son joined the Army!" Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "All right, but this better be the best toilet paper I've ever had."
"It's a cow's heart. They're trying to make a monkey outta you!", Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "Maggie, give me that!"
"I'm sorry, Lisa. Oh, it's not your fault. I know we love each other, Dad, but we're two very different people. And, much as I hate to say it, as time goes on, we'll probably just drift further and further apart." Homer Simpson answered.
"LIFT ME, WON'T YOU LIFT ME / ABOVE THE OLD ROUTINE / MAKE IT NICE, PLAY IT CLEAN, JAZZMAN...", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Find any winners, son?" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "No holds barred."
Homer Simpson responded "Now what?"
"Oh thank God. A rickety bridge." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "You remember Jack... He's that talented painter who had a little brush with the law."
"No!", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "I'm going to do what I should've done in the first place."
Bart Simpson: "Yeah, if Dad ever rolls over, you're dead."
Marge Simpson answered "You disobeyed me, snuck over here, and murdered a helpless animal?"
"Again!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Yeah, it's impressive. But I still haven't found the perfect gift for Marge. Only imperfect stuff for me." Homer Simpson responded.
"Help me, Bart!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"In his sleep deprived state, he's very suggestible. Okay Dad, you are now playing patty-cake with Maggie." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Look at the fear in his eyes. Listen to the quiver in his voice. He's a little boy, lost in a game of men." Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "Hey Dad, bet you five bucks you can't eat the whole box."
Marge Simpson responded "Well, that's odd, because the consumer website says the RX-12 2-cylinder has a dealer's invoice of fourteen seven."
"It is to me! Marge, I can't live like this! I'm tired of walking around on eggshells.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Hm. Well, I guess we both learned a lesson. But if anybody asks, you hit him.", Marge Simpson said.
"Okay, final checklist. Checklist ready?" Bart Simpson said.
"Amen. Let's eat." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Mr. Burns, you can't hurt us after all we've done for you." Marge Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Oh yes. Tycoons have been doing it for years. Why, Standard Oil was once owned by a half-eaten breakfast."
Homer Simpson responded: "Stupid horoscope!"
Homer Simpson replied "Oh, I miss those bygone days of earlier this week. But I'm needed in a darker place."
Lisa Simpson said: "Well, I qualified for the National Math Bee--"
Homer Simpson said "Quiet, you kids! If I hear one more word, Bart doesn't get to watch cartoons and Lisa doesn't get to go to college."
Marge Simpson answered "It's for my back spasms. If guys didn't keep pinching my tush, I'd never stand up straight."
Moe Szyslak said "Why is she crying? Oh, that's right. I still got her nose."
Marge Simpson said "Swings!"
Moe Szyslak responded: "Models?! Ha. Oh boy!"
Homer Simpson responded "It was those guys!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Ai-yi-yi-yi!"
"Our cushion!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Do you get time off for snitching on your cellmates?"
Bart Simpson said "Hm, this gives me an idea."
Bart Simpson replied "Wow! My father, an astronaut! I feel so full of... what's the opposite of shame?"
"For your information, I just made a cool twenty-five dollars playing the market. Buy low, sell high, that's my motto. I may just quit my job at the power plant to become a full-time stock market guy." Homer Simpson answered.
"Well... Gee, I really do love currency... but, um, I think I'm gonna play it safe and stick with what I got.", Moe Szyslak responded.
"Faster... Faster... Faster... Oh, you do that like a pro..." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "Wait, wait, wait, wait. How come at Builder's Barn I saw Homer talking to thin air?"
Bart Simpson: "So, basically, I met one nice French person."
"Okay. I'll visit you, Dwight." Marge Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders said: "Whatcha diddily doin', neighbor?"
"That's my Tommy." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "I don't know, Dad. What if she's still mad at me?"
Bart Simpson answered: "Hi."
Bart Simpson: "So, you fought all those robots?"
"Huh?" Bart Simpson answered.
"Uh, nothin'." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Ants have six legs, Bart."
Bart Simpson said: "I think this soup's a little hot."
Bart Simpson answered: "There's something really different about you, Dad."
"You're making me look bad in front of my minions!" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Wow, the absorbed odors of a million meals..."
"Pretty much. Yeah.", Marge Simpson answered.
"We heard you the first time." Bart Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak answered: "Oh, sorry Principal Skinner. It must be a bad connection. It's for you. I think Bart's in trouble again."
Lisa Simpson answered "Yayyy!"
"You know, I defy anyone to tell the difference between these donuts and ones baked today. Hey, my boy's s'posed to be here any second on a field trip. They been through here yet?", Homer Simpson answered.
"No, no, it's home-brewed.", Ned Flanders answered.
Marge Simpson responded "Ohh, well, I guess he'll be happy when he comes to."
"Boy. Sure is nice not to be the one on the horse for a change." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "Becky, I want to apologize to you...surper!"
"What the hell is this?", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "I said I've got it!"
Lisa Simpson replied "All right, I'll be the stupid curtain puller."
Homer Simpson said "Disgracefully hilarious! You passed out before we could even give you your presents."
"So long, Sarge. See you at the reunion in November." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "This is so hard because I always thought Mom was the strong one."
"He said I was hard core." Lisa Simpson said.
"You left him because I tipped the boat over and ruined the vacation!", Homer Simpson said.
"You mean plan B?!" Seymour Skinner answered.
"Man, that's gonna be some show.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Hi... you!" Marge Simpson replied.
"Stop, I want to learn on my own!" Lisa Simpson said.
Ned Flanders: "Well, I sure didn't."
Marge Simpson answered: "I'm honored, Bart. And Lisa, you'll have a fine time at the plant with Dad. You've been interested in nuclear power for years."
Marge Simpson answered: "Aw, hop in."
Seymour Skinner replied "Well, it really did seem funny in rehearsal."
Bart Simpson: "Umm... there's a ladybug in your hair."
Homer Simpson: "I'd do anything to get your mother and that donut back."
"You did it, Dad! You saved us! I'm proud you're my father.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Hey, I'm still beating you, boy." Homer Simpson responded.
"Homer!!" Marge Simpson responded.
"Congratulations. Who's the little chick?" Moe Szyslak answered.
"A shirt from that rap concert... Bart must've gone to the show. But that means...", Lisa Simpson said.
"Yoo hoo?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Don't worry, we'll just go home. Your mother can cook." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Why do you always wait until Christmas Eve to do your shopping? The crowds are just beastly."
C. Montgomery Burns said "Maybe a nap will boost my spirits."
"Wow, this must be important, Dad! I've never seen you walk up an incline before." Lisa Simpson responded.
"I'm reading.", Bart Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Now then, I'm looking for a suitable young, male heir to leave my fortune to when I pass away. My vast, vast, vast fortune. Vast."
"And what if we don't, Pops?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Hey Homer, why the sour puss? Didja chugalug a skunky Snapple?", Ned Flanders responded.
"Have you stopped to think about who you're hurting with this rampage?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "I'm here protecting our investment. I'd like you to go home and make dinner for the kids."
Homer Simpson: "Woo hoo! Hear ye! Hear ye! The Homer Broadcasting System is on the air! All hollering, all the time! I'm gonna make the..."
"COME ON HOMER, COME ON HOMER / PRETEND THIS IS BASEBALL / AND HIT US A HOMER!", Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "That's right. See that ship over there?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Save a guy's life, and whattaya get? Nothin'! Worse than nothin'! Just a big, scary rock."
Marge Simpson responded "I called that bosom bar. The bartender said you were there alone."
"I see. You were mad enough to leave our house, but not mad enough to leave our property? That's my half-assed Dad!" Bart Simpson replied.
"Me too.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Ready, Milhouse?" Bart Simpson answered.
"Everyone was mean to Sally. She was too well-rounded. She felt cornered. They wouldn't let her play four-square or invite her to the box social." Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "You're late for work, Homer."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Smithers, hand me that ice cream scoop."
Bart Simpson replied "Milhouse, this isn't you."
Homer Simpson: "I admit it. I did screw up, but I won't feel guilty until I can put a human face on this."
"Horses only live thirty years!" Marge Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak said: "I am so far from my car."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Dear Mr. President"
Homer Simpson said "GO TO SLEEP AND GOODNIGHT/ DA DA DA / DA DA DA DA DA DA DA DA/ DEE DEE DEE / DEE DEE / May your Christmas day be nice. Goodnight, my little pork chop."
"I can't back out, because if I fight him tomorrow...it'll be a less-violent world for you kids in the future.", Marge Simpson answered.
"It's all right, Lisa. Don't go. More Heaven for me." Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "You see that mirror? I discovered that if I sat in the kitchen I could see if the bathroom was free using the reflection from the mirror off the toaster."
"I'll take it!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Okay, let's see what we've got here.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "You're right, Mom. I'd just like to use this occasion to announce my retirement, undefeated, from the world of video boxing."
"Oh, I'm so sorry." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "I guess guns really are the answer."
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Yes, yes, exactly! You know, maybe it's time I sold the old girl."
Homer Simpson replied: "Uh, no. Just gas."
"No!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Marge, over here."
Marge Simpson said: "Homer!"
"Look who's here. It's this thing!", Marge Simpson answered.
"I feel guilty coming here every Sunday and never actually buying anything." Marge Simpson answered.
"We'll have a savings account. We've never had one. Kids, I think everything is going to be okay from now on." Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh God, oh God, I'm the smart parent." Homer Simpson responded.
"Dad, the flash must have scrambled their circuits.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"I was framed! You believe me, don't you Dad?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Does, too."
"Sorry.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Otto, you totally pimped Dad's ride!"
Homer Simpson: "Well, maybe I am a little responsible."
"Now it's not. I'm in." Moe Szyslak answered.
"Look at 'em, Bart. If a carny can wind up homeless, it can happen to anyone." Homer Simpson responded.
"Bingo." Ned Flanders said.
"Here we are." Homer Simpson responded.
"Then, yes." Homer Simpson said.
"I don't think you're gay. I just have to do my grocery shopping. Now please gimme my keys." Marge Simpson answered.
"Hey, I know how we can save Bart.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "Well, can you explain what you were doing in the basement with Milhouse?"
Homer Simpson said: "Dude, I thought we were friends."
Homer Simpson replied: "Sorry. Give me one that doesn't taste so good."
Ned Flanders: "Why? So you can make me a laughingstock again?"
Moe Szyslak said: "Ah, 'scuse me there, officer? You see my car there? With the rubber hippie daisy? Space 7A?"
"Oh hello, Kent. Right now, skilled nuclear energy technicians are calmly correcting a minor, piffling malfunction." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "I'm sorry your dress is gone, Mom."
Marge Simpson replied: "Fine, I'll do it!"
"Why are you guys eating so fast?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Easy... easyyy..." Homer Simpson said.
"Yes." Homer Simpson replied.
"Look at me, guys!" Homer Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner: "That's terrific, but I called you here to discuss your son's misbehavior on the school bus."
"Smithers, dismember the corpse and send his widow a corsage." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"I... ah... muh... Be still my foolish heart." Seymour Skinner replied.
"This is so sad." Marge Simpson responded.
"They see us! They're starting to turn!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, Andy Capp, you wife-beating drunk.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Well, I do have this bourbon that I brewed myself. It'll either be the best thing you ever had or the last thing you'll ever have." Moe Szyslak responded.
Homer Simpson: "I put it in a safe place, Marge. I mean, what are the odds the boy would look in the vegetable crisper?"
"Uh-huh?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Well, this is my house. Ah--"
Homer Simpson answered: "Woo-hoo!"
Lisa Simpson responded "A long-lost half-brother. How Dickensian!"
Ned Flanders replied "This is the murder house?!"
"Just give him Faraday's Constant." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Not so fast. I also want some dribble glasses, fake boobs, two of Bart's T-shirts, and that rapping toilet seat.", Homer Simpson said.
"Welcome to lecture number eight on the water balloon. Yesterday I asked everyone to think of other liquids you could fill a balloon with." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Well, I ... Oh, let's get some worms."
Lisa Simpson: "Hey Mom, can Juliet sleep over?"
"Yes, go on...", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Why you little..."
"Why Marge, you frisky little devil." Homer Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak replied "Come to papa... Wait a minute! You have a straight flush, Homer. Go! You do this every time. You... oh, you, ah, ... I'm choking on my own rage here."
Bart Simpson responded "Mo-om..."
"Man, you're bending the hell out of that kick-stand, Dad. Why don't you just take it for a ride?", Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "Ow! Ow!"
"Big if!" Bart Simpson responded.
"I'm screwed." Bart Simpson answered.
"That's funny.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Hey, Barney, why don't you fill out the groom's side."
Homer Simpson answered "Well, Marge?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Question. It says here the murderer is Admiral Wainsworth. Who's that?"
Lisa Simpson replied: "You? But... you're an intelligent person, Mom."
Marge Simpson replied "You can't have secrets from your wife!"
Homer Simpson responded: "You wanna honk your jazz tube?"
"A short film?" Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Just listen. If you kill those guys, you'll be as bad as they are."
C. Montgomery Burns said "Fire that man, Smithers. I don't want him or his unpleasant family to ruin my picnic."
Bart Simpson said: "Hm, wrong hands, eh? That's your cue, boys."
Marge Simpson answered "You really don't know, do you?"
"Ah so.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Time to open the envelope I gave you.", Bart Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner replied "Easy there. That's whole milk."
Bart Simpson answered: "What the hell is going on?"
Homer Simpson answered "Super-Team -- fly!"
"Gee, sorry for being born." Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Oh! Ow! Uh!"
Homer Simpson replied "Suckers."
"Sorry, but I'm afraid Ernest Borgnine has already been confirmed." Ned Flanders replied.
Homer Simpson answered "I barely know my mother. And every time I see her, she's taken away again. And when a man doesn't have his mother, he winds up like me."
"Yeah, right, Lisa. A wonderful, MAGICAL animal." Homer Simpson said.
"No, but I'm starting to wish I had." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Oh, the truth!", Homer Simpson responded.
"I'm sorry. I guess having a little brother is more responsibility than I thought. Especially 'cause I thought it'd be no responsibility at all.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "It was all a training exercise to make me smooth for you. Of course she fell for me and of course I wanted no part of her. Now, the only one who can help us is Stradivarius Cain."
"Look at me, Bart! I'm driving!" Homer Simpson responded.
"...Then we light a match...And FWOOOF! We start a new life in Hawaii." Moe Szyslak answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Thank God."
Lisa Simpson answered "I can't live with the guilt. I'm going to Martin's house... to end it all!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Well, don't just gasp, read it."
"Mmmm... me." Homer Simpson responded.
"Kiss me, Patty. I don't have cooties." Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson: "Sad? You're crazy. I feel like I'm at the Oscars for the animals I forgot existed."
"No! My wife is not a doobie, to be passed around. I took a sacred vow on my wedding day, to bogart her forever.", Homer Simpson answered.
"You folks got robbed too? The burglar took my Shroud of Turin beach towels." Ned Flanders answered.
"Yeah." C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Oh! ... on the radio.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Principal Skinner, could you help me sharpen this pencil?", Bart Simpson replied.
"Well, I guess a little circular grinding might relax me.", Seymour Skinner answered.
"So immature.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Terrific? Incredible? Happy as a clown?", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "Thank you! Thank you!"
Marge Simpson answered: "Well, it's probably just a bad growing season."
"Fifty dollars! I can buy paint for the art class instead of crushed-up berries I find in the woods!" Seymour Skinner said.
"Old ad for Buzz Cola..." Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "I'll give it a whirl, Ralphie boy."
"Tell him it'll count towards his community service." Bart Simpson answered.
"We brought Cheerios for you!", Marge Simpson answered.
"I really don't want to talk about it." Bart Simpson said.
"I said anger." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "Check out Lisa. She's a sax machine! Makes me think I should've done something with my life. Oh, well."
Moe Szyslak replied: "Oops."
Homer Simpson: "You monster!"
Bart Simpson answered "All the beer from the landfill is gone, Beer Baron. We're out of business."
"This story is as dark as those new Milky Way bars. Ooh, that's a good analogy. I'll work it in somewhere. But now I need some romance, pronto!", Marge Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner replied: "Fools! Whoops. Still on."
Bart Simpson replied "Oh, so many wasted nights..."
Homer Simpson replied: "Now let it unfurl in your stomach."
Homer Simpson said "Relax, with the team we put together, our book'll fly off the shelves, and we'll be sipping mai tais on a beach in Shelbyville."
Lisa Simpson responded "Yeah."
"Come on, you're holding out on me." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh, my homemade Kahlua."
"What the?!" Bart Simpson said.
"You have a new home now... with us." Homer Simpson responded.
"No.", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Why give 'em the choice? That trick was sweeter than any treat we'll get tonight."
Bart Simpson responded "You know, there are names for people like you."
"Hey, shut up." Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "Nelson! Um... that note Milhouse gave you... it wasn't from him. It was from... me."
"How vile.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "I'm rich!"
Homer Simpson: "We're free!"
"Mom, I'm auditioning for first chair in the school band and I've got to practice!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Your Honor, I'd like to represent myself. Drunken hicks of the jury..."
"And these Hardy Boys books are great, too. This one is about smugglers.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "You better -- I've already sold a bunch of subscriptions. How do you think I got these swell prizes!"
Homer Simpson replied "No, it's not. I just told a lie so we could go to Hawaii."
Bart Simpson: "What is your deal, anyway?"
"You're a funny one to tell me about deception." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "BABY ON BOARD / SOMETHING, SOMETHING BURT WARD... This thing writes itself!"
"I don't know.", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said "I'm going into the Gold Medallion Club... with silver-level membership!"
Seymour Skinner said: "All right, lights out."
Lisa Simpson answered "Sideshow Bob! Drop that knife and give back our Dad!"
Bart Simpson: "Pay the man, Homer."
"But it's my home now, sir." Bart Simpson responded.
"So long -- I'm gonna sleep over at Ralph's.", Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "They left without me."
"Thanks.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Dee-fense! Dee-fense!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Relax, honey. You were just having a crazy nightmare. You're back with your family now, where there's nothing to be afraid of -- except that fog that turns people inside out." Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied: "And...?"
"...and you're from Mars." Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "Twelve... fifteen... seven hundred and three..."
Homer Simpson replied: "No, faith is what you have in things that don't exist. Your awesomeness is real."
"Really?", Ned Flanders said.
"From now on, one of us always stays home." Marge Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak responded "Sorry, Homer, you can't take any more of my money. I'm, uh, outta the bookie business."
Homer Simpson answered: "That is the most amazing donut I've ever tasted."
Homer Simpson replied "They're holding it at Catfish Lake. They couldn't call it Catfish Lake if it didn't have a catfish in it."
"No, Homer, no! I wanna do something exciting, but I can't just go from zero to thirty like that! I-I could be killed." Ned Flanders replied.
Homer Simpson: "Mmmm--"
Bart Simpson responded "What if we... Van Houten to the max?"
"Hmf. I think you've had too much strawberry wine." Marge Simpson responded.
"You're no girl, you're a boy. A good boy. You can be president. Scratch that. You will be president." Homer Simpson responded.
"Look, Lenny. I know I was a pretty bad Secret Santa, so I wanted to make it up to you.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "Ay carumba!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Congratulations, Barney."
"That doesn't work on me.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"I think it means he's having a barbecue." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "He's a good boy."
C. Montgomery Burns replied "I pay you, Smithers. And no kind of love can come from one man paying another."
"I swear, I am not filming.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Wild, bushy hair, like an animal."
Bart Simpson said "Right on! Say it, sister!"
"I'm sorry, Bart, you're too little." Marge Simpson responded.
"Just like my hair." Homer Simpson said.
"Excuse me, is this MAD Magazine?" Bart Simpson responded.
"Oh God, my gums! They hurt so much!", Homer Simpson replied.
"This is such a secluded area. I wonder who lives in that house?" Marge Simpson said.
"Best not to get involved." Seymour Skinner answered.
"Hee, hee, hee, hee. Did you know Hogan had tunnels all over your camp?" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Sorry, I have kind of a short fuse, which some find charming. Speaking of charming, watching Fox last night, I heard a rather amusing story... This character named Martin was feeling rather randy and he was heard to remark..."
Homer Simpson responded: "You guys are the best. I love you, I love you, I love you..."
"Oh-ho yeahhh..." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "I'm ready to go to school."
"They're fine." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "We can't afford to move to Waverly Hills! Their house prices have commas in them. As it is, our lawn is just green-painted cement."
"We're looking. But in the meantime, the Class Clown Pro Tem will take his place.", Seymour Skinner responded.
"It was the best week of all of our lives... and I wanted it to last forever." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Yeah, uh... semper fudge!"
Lisa Simpson responded "Just a cotton-pickin' minute. I've been getting A's since Gymboree."
Homer Simpson replied "Get out!"
"Ned Flanders, you would take our family to the Holy Land just to try to make my husband a better man?" Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "It's clever, just like you. Huh? Huh?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Son, I'll never doubt you again."
Homer Simpson: "What advantages does this motorcar have over, say, a train? Which I could also afford."
Homer Simpson responded: "Hey, are we duellin' or what?"
"I'm just happy you're back. Now let's get that chain off you.", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "Young lady, this may be the high point of Bart's life. Cut him some slack."
"It's Homer!" Marge Simpson said.
"Take it away, Lis." Bart Simpson replied.
"Boy, this sure was one crazy day...Right, Mr. Teeny?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Nice try. You're not gonna nail us!", Bart Simpson replied.
"Mom, can Lisa and I play outside, away from the bear?" Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "What would have happened if there was someone who could break us up every time I had my doubts about you?"
"Dessert is three desserts.", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "Well, maybe they should have three. I'm Bart Simpson."
"Yeah, thanks Lisa." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Hey, Mom, lookit me! Look at what I can do!"
Lisa Simpson answered: "I hope you enjoy your plaque, cheater."
"Apu, you're a bachelor. Get up there!", Marge Simpson said.
"That's right. Pick the only two times in history where things got messy." Homer Simpson responded.
"Okay, let's take a flip through the Moe-lodex. Bingo." Moe Szyslak responded.
Bart Simpson: "I'unno. 'Cause you're incapable of experiencing joy?"
"I don't have a ticket.", Bart Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders replied: "Boys, we're home!"
Marge Simpson answered: "I don't see the need for razor wire."
Ned Flanders said "Oh yeah, the clown. The only one of you buffoons who doesn't make me laugh. And as for you -- I don't know you, but I'm sure you're a jerk."
Bart Simpson: "Enough!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Ohh, we're never gonna make it. Let's just divide up the trillion now, and go our separate ways."
Bart Simpson said: "I'm sorry."
"You know nothin' about genetics, Lis. It goes boy, girl, boy, girl." Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "Kansas City."
"Eh! That's it! You're going down, pal!", Moe Szyslak answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Dean Martin still packs 'em in."
Bart Simpson replied "Enjoy your test."
Homer Simpson said "Just a little farther... just a little further... just a little further. Food!"
"Only because Mayor Quimby's buying his nephew's freedom." Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Yay! The Simpsons are going to Japan!"
"So what do you want to do with it?" Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "I don't like sausage."
Lisa Simpson answered "Hm, apparently Mr. Burns is in a state of shock from the trauma he underwent."
"How did you--" Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "And there's a DVD library of movies that haven't been released yet!"
"Not dramatic enough." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"I'm not done. After dinner, the two of you are going to check into the fanciest motel in town, and not check out until the next morning. If you get my drift." Moe Szyslak replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Hey, check it out. Wiggum's cruiser."
Bart Simpson responded: "Wow. Two."
"Look what Mbali gave me.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"C'mon, guys. Let's be the team that supports each other. YOU CAN DO IT OTTO / YOU CAN DO IT OTTO / HELP EACH OTHER OUT, THAT'LL BE OUR MOTTO...", Homer Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak said: "Hey, I sure appreciate this, fellas. What you guys did to me, then for me, I'll never forget slash forgive. So, thanks a lot. Also thanks a lot."
Homer Simpson replied: "Fine. Google Maps."
"Okay, you're ready to go. I've written down the basic commands so that anyone can understand them." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "No! I want to help the people who didn't prepare!"
"No!", Homer Simpson said.
"I think we owe a debt to Unky Herb. He took us into his home and Dad destroyed him.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered "Dad and all these other people are obviously the products of mental conditioning."
Homer Simpson: "Fine. Don't get your circuits in a bunch."
"Hi, Mom.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "Either way for forty-five minutes you're not my problem, sweetie."
"For God's sake, man, it's a figure of speech. You're fired!" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Homer Simpson said "Well, I guess we can take a quick walk. We'll keep Grampa occupied with this DVD of Dwight Eisenhower talking about golf."
Ned Flanders responded: "L-Listen, folks, there's no magic formula. I just follow the three C's: clean living, chewing thoroughly, and a daily dose of Vitamin Church."
Homer Simpson said: "Ew. This coffee's too hot."
"Just wait for dessert, sir. I made it with you in mind." Seymour Skinner answered.
"Oh yeah, make me the bad guy.", Moe Szyslak replied.
"How much is this free resort weekend?" Homer Simpson said.
"I gotta call Marge." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "This is it. This is the old quarry."
Marge Simpson responded "Finally. A normal person. Thank you, Miss... um..."
Bart Simpson: "Huh?"
"Willie, clean up this mess!", Seymour Skinner said.
"Uh, it fell off a truck. You know, a truck-truck.", Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Why do I need another penny? I have billions. Still, if I don't take it, that hoodlum over there might."
"Get that cat out of the way!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Ta-ta." C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Apes... deep down we're all savage apes. Leave your body, Homer."
Homer Simpson responded "You planted that on me, man!"
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Well I'll make these rioters regret their folly. This prison will make Abu Ghraib look like the Four Seasons. Smithers, we'll need electrical wire, a hood and someone who can really point at genitalia."
Marge Simpson: "There's that side of it. But there's also... help me out here, Lisa."
"Is Marge here?" Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "What the hell is the Southern Hemisphere?"
"Enough with the singing!" Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "CHRISTMAS IN DECEMBER / WOW WOW WOW / GIVE ME TONS OF PRESENTS / NOW NOW NOW!"
Homer Simpson replied "Holy moly."
"Things aren't good at home.", Seymour Skinner responded.
Ned Flanders said: "Shhh. It's coming up, son, it's coming up."
Bart Simpson replied: "Well actually, the bear just ate his hat."
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh man, what a day. I'd kill for a beer."
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Now if you can get it through your bug-addled brain, jam that second mephitic clod-hopper of yours on the right doo-dad! Now pump those scrawny chicken legs, you stuporous funker!"
Marge Simpson answered "No one's shotgun! Now be quiet!"
"I really enjoyed your sermon. Particularly the part about the pin in the gutter on lane fifteen." Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "Very romantic. Homer had the basketball game muted the whole time. Oh, and then I found a gray hair. No big deal."
Homer Simpson: "It's still a great honor!"
"Well, clearly, you're an exception.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Honey, the door blew shut! Oh. Fine. That's what you want? You got it. This scene is gettin' old, man. I'm hittin' the road. Maybe I'll drop you a line someday from wherever I wind up in this crazy old world.", Homer Simpson answered.
"I put you in humiliating commercials for money, which I spent on myself. I just wish I had an opportunity to make things right." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "Bart, I feel so bad for going so many years without... uh... hmmm... What's that word where you encourage something to grow?"
Marge Simpson responded "yeah. Hi, Evelyn."
Bart Simpson responded "Hey, I'm innocent, man!"
"I'm glad you're okay honey, but I wish you'd chosen a more tasteful way to be patriotic." Marge Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak: "Now, uh... who's gonna be pickin' up the tab?"
Marge Simpson replied "Well, it's a lot. In fact, your father had to take a second job."
Bart Simpson answered "That felt good."
"Oh my! A child who doesn't enjoy school? Hello? Hollywood?! You want to buy the movie rights to this incredible story? A million dollars? Deal! Now I have to write it." Homer Simpson responded.
"I thought Kearney was dating your Mom.", Bart Simpson said.
Ned Flanders replied: "Well, with triple word score, that's ninety! Ha-ha, I guess my luck is starting to even out."
"Uh-oh." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Are you hugging the TV?"
Homer Simpson said "Shh! They'll hear you."
"Well then she can have you all to herself!", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "That's great, Homie! Come have some ice cream on a brownie!"
"Mom, picture phone.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Hey, I haven't had a drink in a thousand years." Homer Simpson responded.
"Skin.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Hey, it wouldn't be a Playdude party without James Caan.", Bart Simpson replied.
"They hit it off right away. But there were rivals for the fair lady's hand...", Marge Simpson replied.
"Wait for me!" Bart Simpson replied.
"Lisa Leslie, you got game!" Bart Simpson said.
"It's Mr. Smithers. He's calling for you.", Homer Simpson answered.
"I've had it! No more Karate Monsters!", Marge Simpson responded.
"Bart, stop! No one's mad at you anymore! Right?" Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "Bart, I told you before, stop gnawing on the drywall."
"But I siphoned that gas from Flanders! Flanders...", Homer Simpson answered.
"Tell him I'm going to the back seat of my car with the woman I love. And I won't be back for ten minutes." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "What are you doing, honey?"
Lisa Simpson responded: "I need to call Janey, but I can't get a dial tone."
"Move your damn butt." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Come here, you butterball."
Bart Simpson answered "What's he talkin' about?"
Bart Simpson replied: "That fancy house'll never sell. Nobody who could afford it would want to live in this neighborhood."
"Homie, my women's intuition's acting up. Something bad's going to happen if you go in there.", Marge Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders said: "As the elephant said to the peanut vendor, toss those in my trunk!"
"Mom and Dad still gone?", Bart Simpson replied.
"What?", Lisa Simpson said.
"Congratulations, I feel ridiculous.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Here?" Bart Simpson replied.
"That'll play great in the sticks.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Actually, my nuclear plant did that. And now that you know, your life is in danger." C. Montgomery Burns said.
Lisa Simpson answered "I wonder when Dad's coming home?"
"Just a little more... Then he won't have any reason to resent you." Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "Yeah. She said you'd fold faster than Superman on laundry day."
Marge Simpson replied: "Hi, Homie! A crazy thing happened when I was ordering your anniversary gift."
Homer Simpson: "Didn't I?"
"Don't worry. This is an all-terrain vehicle." Homer Simpson answered.
"Well, looking at you kids, I know I made the right choice in life.", Marge Simpson replied.
"I don't remember discussing that.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Yeah, it's hopeless." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Why you little..."
"Oh, my loving family. Nothing's changed.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Oh, I know you're sad now, but surely your incredible family will cheer you up."
"I'll take it from here, wing-man.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Yeah, that's probably a good one. Here, I got somethin' that might cheer ya up." Moe Szyslak replied.
"I'm Bart Simpson, ay carumba, do the Bartman, etcetera, etcetera.", Bart Simpson responded.
"That's the last time I get you guys a Christmas present at the last minute." Bart Simpson responded.
"Man, I was so scared." Bart Simpson replied.
"I'm here! Come find me! Olly-olly-oxen-free! Olly-olly-oxen-free!", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Hey, sounds great. Maybe then you could afford to rent your own dumpster." Moe Szyslak answered.
Moe Szyslak said "Uh-oh, looks like I gotta wing it a little bit here. The other day I ran into an Irishman. Oh really? No, O'Reilly."
"Nothing is ever right for you." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded: "It's breathtaking."
Bart Simpson said "What about all the other pets you told us went to a farm upstate?"
Homer Simpson: "Y'ello. This is he. Yeah I wanted to know: do you deliver falafels to the top of Mount Zion? Great. I'd like a large falafel with pepperoni, sausage and extra cheese. Yes, I know what a falafel is."
Marge Simpson said "What?! I knew there was a reason he was leaving on time!"
"Hit the brakes! / Floor it! / Stop! / To the left! / Head back!" Bart Simpson responded.
"Well, we're gonna make some changes around here. This store's gonna be run by kids and for kids." Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "The Bird Sanctuary -- they ruined it!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Hey, Flanders, headin' for church? Well, I thought I could save you a little time."
Bart Simpson said "He's right, mom."
Homer Simpson responded "You? How could you? You're my own flesh and blood!"
"I'm someone else!" Homer Simpson answered.
"We all went our separate ways." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "She, uh, was killed by a falling air conditioner."
"Okay, but when you start getting apple-cheeked, it's time to come in.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "So that's it, isn't it, Marge? Looks. I didn't know you were so shallow."
Ned Flanders replied: "Hey, the Simpsons make it up as they go along, and they're as happy as a ribbon in a bible. What do you say, sweetie?"
"Maybe geology..." Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "You're all losers!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Actually, it's more like twelve. No, I'm so stupid, seven. It's seven hours. You have seven hours. See? Seven."
"A double cheese burger, onion rings, large strawberry shake, and for God's sakes, hurry!" Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Go crazy?"
Homer Simpson replied "Catholic school, eh...?"
"He's cleaning out the garage. I can picture it now...", Marge Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak answered: "I mean take out bones, guts, whatever you gotta do to make me a micro-Moe."
Ned Flanders said: "Do you have a problem with the way I'm coaching?"
Bart Simpson responded "I'm just spreadin' the Playdude philosophy. Hi-fi's, Norman Mailer, gettin' some..."
"Clueless little Lisa doesn't suspect a thing.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Come and lick me, Big Boy! I said lick me!" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Homer, ball!", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Hey! We haven't watched TV in awhile."
Seymour Skinner replied: "My rival."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Oh no. Please don't show me with Ralph."
"Hey, this race is for rubber ducks, not meat ducks!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Colon smash! / Rectum kill!", Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Mom, a letter from Ovenfresh Industries!"
"Boy, Lisa's room really is scary.", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered "It was my brother Bart!"
"Hey Homer, who's the manatee?", Moe Szyslak said.
"A McDonald's where you can get booze!", Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Down!"
"It's okay. I know what I am.", Homer Simpson answered.
"No, it's just standard key release boilerplate." Seymour Skinner responded.
"Walt, it's a nice face, but I don't think it would drive a professional waitress to lie.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Really?"
"I'm surprised they bothered to move it when they moved the town." Lisa Simpson answered.
"We're... uh..." Marge Simpson answered.
"I was talking about myself in the third person." Homer Simpson said.
"And I saved your vegetarian bacon.", Bart Simpson said.
"Our little boy has lost his mind. Let's get him.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "My sandwich!"
"You shank. How could you tell on me?" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Don't I get some kind of trophy? At a big award ceremony?"
Homer Simpson said: "Doin' what now?"
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "That's ridiculous, the last tree held nine drums."
"It's just an expression, Marge." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "Homer, that's supposed to be leather patches on a tweed blazer, not the other way around. You've ruined a perfectly good jacket."
Marge Simpson answered: "My memorables!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Er, uh, this is Dr. Bart Simpson of the International Drainage Commission. It's an emergency."
Homer Simpson responded: "What? Oh yeah. You were great."
"You don't understand. Mom and Dad take good care of us.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner answered "Ow!"
"No!" Homer Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak said "I got it. It's okay!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Well, it's about time."
Bart Simpson responded: "Wow, the graphics are amazing. That ball almost seems real!"
"Yeah." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "That's not a job. It's a waste of time. What can poor people pay ya? Nothin'! What satisfaction do you get from helping 'em? None! Who wants to help poor people anyway? Nobody!"
Seymour Skinner: "May God forgive me."
"Really? Frankfurter... is that anything?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Shary Bobbins! I want another beer!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Then, I insert this old videotape of us working on a continuous loop...", Homer Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders said: "And this is where sinners spend all of eternity!"
"It's bad enough they put their retainers in the dishwasher -- Can't we do something?", Lisa Simpson said.
"Mom, I'm scared." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Oh okay, uh, Lenny, hit me with that chair." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "No! Please, please, please, please, please..."
"Rockin' Fun Zone? That sounds funnn..." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Well, Marge isn't here. She had to identify a body at the morgue."
"Oh no.", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "Mmm, oh, this is delicious. What's in it?"
"Yep!", Lisa Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "A word of caution, young Woosterfield: watch out for those closest to you."
Homer Simpson responded: "Not even close."
"I can't believe those idiot judges were impressed by glowing plastic tubes.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Hey, big spender! / Dig this blender! / Rainbow suspenders!..."
Marge Simpson said: "Don't you spit sunflower seeds at me!"
"My head full of long, luxurious, hippie hair. I'll do it!" Homer Simpson answered.
"You guys got real optimistic literature there.", Moe Szyslak responded.
"Because it's a stupid piece of junk!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "It wasn't easy, Marge -- I've missed you so much."
Homer Simpson responded "Hey kid and man!"
"Homer Simpson! You are the most infuriating, Netflix-D.V.D.-burgling, barbecue-not-putting-out...", Ned Flanders said.
"Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Memo to self: Shut up, Lisa.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Hey, I know you. We met in a police lineup."
"Oh, great. I got a field full of mutants.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Aw, shut up." Moe Szyslak replied.
"Did a volcano erupt in Candyland? 'Cause I just caught me a flyin' red hot!", Ned Flanders replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "I HEARD OL' NEIL PUT HER DOWN."
"Wow. I can see why she loves you." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "Well, that depends."
Bart Simpson replied "Uh huh."
"Oh, yeah. Good one, Mom.", Bart Simpson said.
"It's good to be back." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "He hit us!"
Bart Simpson replied "Ah, baloney."
Bart Simpson replied: "Thanks for letting me make this movie, Mr. Millwood! I've always loved cartoons, going way back to the real early SpongeBobs."
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, that's just superstition."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Wow, two finds in one store! What are the odds?"
"This is the worst thing you've ever done." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "No!"
Lisa Simpson answered "Forget it."
"The feedlot wants to kill Lou and I can't keep him. Can I give him to you?", Bart Simpson responded.
"I've broken a ten-year-old's spirit. Time to celebrate... with a fruit-on-the-bottom yogurt." Seymour Skinner said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "All the years I've lobbied to be treated like an adult has blown up in my face."
"Bart, make her stop." Homer Simpson said.
"Hey, hey look, a freezer man!" Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "I don't want to be the next anything. I'm only taking this stupid class because they made me."
Homer Simpson said "Boy, if they kiss as good as they lure... wow!"
"You then! How would you improve the worker situation?", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Thank goodness.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, great. Now the cat knows.", Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak said: "Ooh, that's gonna cost ya."
Bart Simpson answered: "Aaahhh!"
"Let me see! Let me see! Out of the way!", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Uh, guys... what the hell is that?"
C. Montgomery Burns: "Yes. Unfortunately, Homer Simpson's shameless display of exhibitionism tainted the entire evening. I want him banned for life from all company outings."
"Fine, I will. There's plenty of money out there for a guy who's willing to work for it.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "I promise you kids lots of things. That's what makes me such a good father."
Homer Simpson answered: "Wow! What are you readin' there? Comic books? Uh, guess you don't want to overheat the old noggin, eh?"
Bart Simpson responded: "Let me try one."
"Maggie, look. What's that?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"That should just about do it. Man alive, there's nothing better than a hamburger grilled to perfection..." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Leggo! Leggo!"
Homer Simpson said: "I just wish she hadn't died thinking I hated her."
Homer Simpson said: "Now to take care of the witnesses."
Marge Simpson answered "Rachel Jordan? Isn't that the woman you had a crush on, Ned?"
"Fine." Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "Oh, man."
"But when you get to the trophy case, give her some cock 'n bull story. They're out for cleaning, or whatever.", Seymour Skinner said.
Marge Simpson answered "Please give the church back."
"Goodness, must be a crossed wire." Marge Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner: "That's the meat of it, yes."
"Just leave me alone." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Up-bup-bup-bup-bup... when you know the people you're begging from, it's mooching."
"MyCube! Take me away!", Bart Simpson responded.
"It is.", Marge Simpson said.
"I can't have my little monkey running around in rags.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Moe Szyslak: "Don't worry, chicks love that kind of thing -- patches, scars, stumps... Everything but zits."
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, Homer, stop it!"
"Allez-oop!", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Will she know what this is regarding?"
"This has been a very disappointing day. All right, on to Lisa Simpson." Seymour Skinner replied.
"Lisa, honey you spelled the word wrong, but you did the right thing." Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Bart, I'm afraid we need the help of someone older and wiser."
"See? Everything's fine." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Wait, stop! We can outsmart those dolphins! Don't forget, we invented computers, leg warmers, bendy straws, peel n' eat shrimp, the glory hole, and the pudding cup. I'm not gonna let a few hoop-jumping tuna-munchers push me around!"
"I want to confess. I killed and robbed the old lady all by myself. Marge is completely innocent. The only thing she's guilty of is loving too much the murder I did.", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "Thanks again, Dad."
"So it's a prank you're lookin' for, is it? I'll give you your prank..." Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Awww."
"Hey, Flanders, next time why don't you put a little alcohol in it?" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Have fun getting coffee for Roy Disney the Third."
Homer Simpson answered: "What's this?"
"Let me ask you guys somethin': how would you treat a person who's generally dynamite but uh, in some way... a little different?", Moe Szyslak said.
Bart Simpson replied "Cool. Hamsters! What are their names?"
Homer Simpson answered: "I don't have to make a wish, because I already have this wonderful family. I wish for infinity hamburgers."
"Can I tag along?", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Obviously."
"Now what?! C'mon, I wanna go home.", Bart Simpson said.
"Let me get this straight. When you were my age, you had the hots for Mom and didn't even know it? That's cool. Or is it lame? I guess I'll go with lame. You're lame.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Oh, something stupid like Bart would say. Bucka bucka or woozle wozzle. Something like that."
"You don't have a clue, do you, Dad?" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Here, I'll get you started. Hail Superman, wearing tights, Clark Kent be thy name... one nation, under Zod..."
C. Montgomery Burns: "Yes -- and therein lies a tale of woe and heartbreak. One I couldn't possibly recount."
"All this senseless violence. I don't understand its appeal.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Found 'em!"
Bart Simpson: "Whoa, what is this place?"
Bart Simpson said "I say we set fire to the house. Kill 'em that way."
"Hello, Flanders. Don't you have a neighbor on the other side?", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "There's that new sushi restaurant on Elm Street."
Bart Simpson answered: "I took a swing at a cop."
"Oh man, this is long. Could you read it to me?" Homer Simpson replied.
"And don't put signs on your sister.", Marge Simpson said.
"Everybody's marriage is falling apart except ours. See the problem's communication. Too much communication.", Homer Simpson said.
"There's no emergency here! And please charge us for the false report! I'm going out for a power walk.", Ned Flanders replied.
Bart Simpson responded "This sucks! I can't do anything fun, 'cause I'm doing so many stupid errands!"
Homer Simpson said "All right."
"I was thinking about you. It's your birthday in like three, four months? Would it be weird if I threw you a party?" Homer Simpson answered.
"You think those could also have contributed to my fear of flying?", Marge Simpson answered.
"Finland, let's see that native dance." Seymour Skinner said.
Marge Simpson answered "Lisa, what in the heck are you doing?"
Marge Simpson answered: "That's even worse. Could you say it one more time?"
Lisa Simpson: "Maybe it was the same person who tied each of the dog's feet to a toy car."
"Such a beautiful language.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Marge, are you mad I forgot to send in the payment?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Any questions?" Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Well, the first inspirational speech of the day was by the woman who climbed Mount Everest and got everyone else killed."
Marge Simpson responded: "Don't do that, Homie. It rubs off your side hair."
"Yeah, how 'bout that?", Homer Simpson replied.
"I bet I could turn him into a proper gentleman! And I will do it in time for the School Science Fair!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"All I wanted to do was join a group of women who wore the same outfits." Marge Simpson said.
"So anyway, Lenny and Carl are never around on Wednesdays. And they don't tell me where they go. It's like a conspiracy." Homer Simpson responded.
"What's the answer?" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Oh, Marge, I never thought you'd see me again."
Homer Simpson replied: "Par-ty! Par-ty! Par-ty!"
Marge Simpson responded "I have an idea."
Homer Simpson answered: "Probably to get the old man his pipe and slippers."
Marge Simpson replied: "This year I want us to do things together as a family and get a lot of good exercise outdoors so we'll have a lot of wonderful memories of our vacation."
"It was the greatest movie I've ever seen in my life. And you wouldn't believe the celebrities who did cameos. Dustin Hoffman, Michael Jackson... of course they didn't use their real names, but you could tell it was them.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Would you go to the prom with me?"
"Okay, Bart, you don't have to say it, but you do have to have a loving attitude. Be nice to your sister." Marge Simpson said.
"The Deadly Truth About Oxygen...", Marge Simpson responded.
"Yay, Mom!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"So many doorbells... I'm in way over my head.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Okay, here comes the airplane...", Moe Szyslak replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "We're in the middle of our own story, thank you."
Moe Szyslak responded: "Homer, you're gonna have to speak up!"
"Mrs. Krabappel, we're all upset by the untimely deaths of Stinky and Wrinkles. But life goes on. So, if I could just have my yo-yo back...", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "But this is Grand Funk Railroad! You guys back there know Grand Funk, right?"
Lisa Simpson replied: "Don't you need training for that?"
"Excuse me, you ruined my report.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "It's not fair! I'm the best student in school. How come I never heard about this competition?"
"You have my undivided attention.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Marge is right -- the Rapture isn't coming! There haven't been any ominous signs!"
"I guess it's up to me to save you, Cregg Demon Magic Freek.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "www.nuclear-secrets.com."
Homer Simpson answered: "What? And Marmaduke doesn't?"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Mom, I understand your psychological need, but I'm not sure what you can do."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Campus?"
"Yo, yo, yo! Keep it on the low flow!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Those perfectionists? Forget it."
Moe Szyslak answered: "I'm in. Let's see your cards."
Marge Simpson replied: "Hold on, I'll be off in a minute."
"Homer, the best thing for you to do in this situation is keep drinking." Moe Szyslak said.
Marge Simpson said: "I never thought I would say this, but I think we have to move."
"Well, that's a relief." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Bart, pay attention. You may be telling this to your own son one day if something breaks."
Homer Simpson answered: "Okay, kids. Prepare to be dazzled. Marge! Turn on the juice!"
Marge Simpson answered "I'm almost done. And tell Bart to get out of my purse."
Homer Simpson answered "Ah-ha! Here's a mistake. It says the capital of Kentucky is Frankfort. Dream on, pal."
"Oh Dad, how could you?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "Mom, I think there's something you're trying to avoid. Or someone."
Ned Flanders responded "Oh Bart, you met Grandma Flanders. Hope she didn't scare ya."
"Homer, I really don't like you telling personal secrets in your class.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Hello, Flanders." Homer Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders replied: "What do you need it for?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Just stick the tip of your pen in that little hole and hold it for fifteen minutes..."
"Now Bart, I think you'd look very sharp in this shirt." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "I'm Jolly Old Saint Nick."
"Me neither. For once, the Simpsons were in management!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "All right, Denver. Justify my love."
Lisa Simpson said "Of course I do. Why would I say it if I didn't?"
Homer Simpson replied "It's not fair. Just when I was getting to be the world's greatest bartender, it's all snatched away."
"Doodlebugs!", Marge Simpson responded.
"Think tank, eh?" Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered "Look, it's the giant statue of Christ on Corcovado."
"But I'm only in second grade." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Pre-nursery school?!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Ha! February has no twenty-third!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Something else happened in that quarry... something... else..." Homer Simpson replied.
"I couldn't agree more, Marjorie. You deserve peace of mind and peace of mind is what you shall have." Homer Simpson said.
"Just a second." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Good afternoon."
Ned Flanders responded "Did you just taser my coffee?"
Lisa Simpson answered: "So, do you know how I can win?"
Homer Simpson answered "Saturday afternoon TV is so boring."
"Wouldn't be the first time." Bart Simpson answered.
"Ow. Ow. Ow. Missed me. Ow!", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said "I saw it, Bart."
"I know you miss him, boy. So let's you and me spend some quality father and son time." Homer Simpson answered.
"I'll just enjoy these green beans with slivered almonds. Mmm, so slivered.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Ain't that the truth. You know, one time he --"
Homer Simpson replied "Screw you, Dino! You squandered your gift!"
Bart Simpson answered "Itchy's house. This is where we came in."
"Yeah.", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "Unfortunately, as I later learned, that wasn't heroin. It was insulin."
Marge Simpson said "I don't like the sound of that. Tomorrow I'm taking you to Doctor Shapiro."
Marge Simpson replied: "Well... okay."
Moe Szyslak responded: "If you're reading this, I am dead, and you are about to learn the story of my treasure."
Marge Simpson said "Oh Bart, you got me the fluffy pet I've never stopped thinking about!"
"Okay.", Homer Simpson answered.
"I can't believe it. He stole this bit from Krusty!" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Well... I dunno... You and I might have different ideas about just how big a big cash settlement is."
"Everything in the newspaper makes him mad." Marge Simpson said.
"What happened?!", Marge Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner replied: "I'll deal with your insubordinate wordplay later. My first duty is to get you boys to safety and that's... where's Ralph?"
"Homer, we've got to get outta here." Marge Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Fascinating. Goodnight."
"Well... if I explain it to Marge that way, I'm sure she'll understand.", Homer Simpson said.
"You want me to lose the Springfield Derby? But you always taught me that winning was everything.", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "Everyone can see you! Get inside!"
"I don't know, there's a lot of buzz around Lenny.", Marge Simpson said.
"Hey, this one's cold!", Homer Simpson responded.
"I have one.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Homie, do you think that the romance has gone out of our lives?" Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "I started what from a what?"
Seymour Skinner answered: "Is this a prank?"
Seymour Skinner answered: "Well, of course you did. You are a girl."
Marge Simpson said: "Now this is a Joseph Turner. In an era when everyone else painted portraits, he broke away by painting the Venetian Canals."
"Hey, hey, hey, hey! Don't you badmouth this country. Compared to the rest of the third world, we're doin' great!", Moe Szyslak answered.
Homer Simpson answered "That was the problem. The important thing is, after all these years of paying my dues, I'm finally getting some decent parts."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Uh huh."
Homer Simpson responded: "Tickle-tickle-who-wants-a-pickle!"
"How come I can't join the army but Lisa gets to be in PETA?", Bart Simpson answered.
"Dad?" Bart Simpson said.
"Plagues..." Bart Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "I'm shopping."
Marge Simpson: "Hm, quite a promotion."
"Chlorine, eh?" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Anytime, honey. Just remember, never be afraid to live life on the edge. Now let's get home before your mother kills us."
Homer Simpson said: "I also have to go. Booo!"
"...but then he turned into an octopus!", Marge Simpson said.
"Yuk!" Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "I'm gonna be sick."
Homer Simpson answered "Circus?"
Moe Szyslak: "Okay, now this first thing is just gonna look like a used Band Aid. And it is. But the rest of this stuff won't make no sense without it. So uh, bear with me."
Lisa Simpson: "That's it, don't be shy..."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Anything that's the something of the something isn't really the anything of anything!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Man cave! Everyone's welcome to my man cave!"
"Feet? Killing?! We gotta save Bart!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"What's the matter, son? Don't you have enough money for ice cream?" Homer Simpson said.
"Oh my God! It's like Christmas in December! Let's celebrate now." Homer Simpson said.
"I'm not going to give up. I refuse to believe that everyone refuses to believe the truth." Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "Maybe it's the TV."
Seymour Skinner said "When will they finish grading those tests!"
"A walk-in microwave! Hey Marge, can you press stop when my popcorn's done?", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Who?"
"Naw, naw, naw, we're goin' for the real thing. First class all the way. Come on, we can leave tonight.", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Why you little...", Homer Simpson replied.
"What's wrong? I just want to snuggle.", Homer Simpson said.
"Lisa, I'm so impressed you're state champ.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Wahhhhhhhhh!", Homer Simpson responded.
"My best friend is so cool!" Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Prayer, the last refuge of a scoundrel."
"Since when could you write a song?" Bart Simpson answered.
"Okay, now as for food, the following breeds of dog are edible..." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "For the greater good."
"Well, I invented a Popsicle made of Mountain Dew.", Homer Simpson answered.
"I'll tell you what I think. I think he thinks I'm an idiot. The only reason he's offering us this is because he knows he's gonna lose the trial and have to pay us a cool million.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Burns never gives money to anybody. Just last week, I asked him for fifteen hundred dollars." Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, thank you, you moldy old maid.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Here, little fella."
"Well, I like the idea of you as a handyman... and I love the idea of you reading!", Marge Simpson responded.
"Just grab 'em!", Marge Simpson answered.
"Fifteen-ninety-eight...", Bart Simpson replied.
"Mr. Burns, you can't do this!", Lisa Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Look at them, Smithers. Goldbrickers, lay-abouts, slug-a-beds..."
"So your life is ruined." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Be right there."
Homer Simpson: "Ooh. I don't feel so good."
"Angelica trembled as she looked up at the stern but wise whiskers of Headmaster Greystash...", Homer Simpson answered.
"Who?", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Stupid Flanders. I'm not giving you any of my secret moves."
"R-E-L-A-P-S-E." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Uh, yeah. Hey, listen, your mom thinks that maybe you and I should have dinner together, sometime..."
C. Montgomery Burns: "Lilah's alive?!"
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Shut up, you waste of skin and fat! You've desecrated my every possession!"
"All for Homer... All for Homer..." Homer Simpson said.
"Perfect." Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "Homer ?!"
Lisa Simpson answered: "Thanks. Where'd you get?..."
Bart Simpson responded: "Hey, fellas, let's go shoot some bad guys."
"Oh, capital idea, partner. People, if we meet this week's quota, I'll take you to the most duck-filled pond you ever sat by." C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Hey, you gotta hand it to those dolphins. They just wanted it more."
Homer Simpson answered: "I'm hot buttered / Check it and see / I got a fever of four fifty-three..."
Marge Simpson answered "I love ya! I love ya! I love ya! I love ya, Mom! Gotta go!"
"There's nothing wrong with crabgrass! It just has a bad name, that's all. Everyone would love it if it had a cute name like... uh... elfgrass.", Homer Simpson answered.
"We have to stop all this construction. The noise is jiggling my grapes to the bottom of the Jell-o." Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Forget about him, Dad. I'm proud of you."
Marge Simpson responded "Oh, please. All right. I'm trying to earn a living here. All right! Stop! Stop!"
Ned Flanders answered: "I guess I did create this... like God created the devil."
"I'll get it!", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "All right, just to the mailbox and back."
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Smithers, there's something a bit odd about young Larry. I can't quite put my finger on it."
Bart Simpson responded: "Oh sorry, Dad. Our blog is so popular, we got an invitation to the most exclusive restaurant in town. Kent Brockman himself could only get a reservation at five-thirty or nine-thirty!"
"I'd like rabbit. Lots of rabbit." Homer Simpson responded.
"No, no, it's a big thing." Marge Simpson answered.
"Ned, that's so generous. But there must be something I could do in return.", Marge Simpson responded.
"That's not Latin. Mom, Bart's faking it." Lisa Simpson replied.
"No.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "Stupid mailman... squeal on me..."
Homer Simpson replied: "Marge, is this a pimple or a boil?"
"Sorry, Debbie. I hope you can find happiness without me." Homer Simpson answered.
"What?! Why do I succeed at everything I audition for?" Homer Simpson said.
"Thanks, baby. Here, have a bracelet made of a seventies educational film strip." Homer Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders replied: "Lord, why have you given me these unholy visions of doom?"
Homer Simpson said: "That's right, boy."
"We spent a thousand dollars on a bunch of old boxes?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Give me my baby!", Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied "Yes, it is fitting."
"Hey beavers! Remember me, you buck-toothed nerds?" Bart Simpson answered.
"Oh, those poor souls. What's the Christian thing to do?" Ned Flanders responded.
"Look, Dad. It's Santa's Little Helper.", Bart Simpson said.
"Besides, I like some of the noises you make in bed.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Mo-om!! Prohibition may be unpopular, but it's the law and we still have to--", Lisa Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns: "That man's mad. Smithers, get this bedlamite an alienist!"
Lisa Simpson said: "Well, Santa can take it back because I'm not ruled by material desi-- Is that a pony?"
"I am smiling.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Yes, what did happen to her?", Marge Simpson replied.
"What do you think, Homer?", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "Time to turn over."
"But I can't leave my car until the parking guy gets here. Oh, why did I drink all that crab juice?", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "I said wash! And Bart, go work the deep fryer."
Homer Simpson replied "And I'm not a locksmith!"
"Nice save.", Bart Simpson said.
"E.T." Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Pass."
Homer Simpson said: "Hola, I am Esteban de la Sexface. That means Stephen of the Sexface."
Homer Simpson: "Honey, you seem frazzled. Why don't you come with us?"
"It's not my fault -- Grampa told me to kiss her!" Bart Simpson answered.
"Oops, guess it already was on." Homer Simpson replied.
"No, wait! I got a kid who's a miracle worker! He'll heal him up real good.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "It's working! Buck's buying my fake message! And you said it would never work."
"Look in the lake. Tell me what you see.", Bart Simpson responded.
"This is not a Delta hub!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"No, no, we're going to Paris. I can feel it.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Marge, there's an empty spot I've always had inside me. I tried to fill it with family, religion, community service. But those were dead ends. I think this chair is the answer."
"Sweet Penelope, you're just as beautiful as you were when I left." Homer Simpson replied.
"Boring? Is there anything boring about a bad-ass rocker who lived fast and died young?", Marge Simpson responded.
"Me. / Right here. / Oh, me too. / Please." Homer Simpson answered.
"Hmm, I saw that report you did on Sasquatch. It was fair and evenhanded. I'll do it.", Homer Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders replied "Homer, that's really touching. But my boys and I are trying to make a new start, and the people here are a little more my cup of..."
Homer Simpson replied "To think I turned to a cult for mindless happiness when I had beer all along."
Homer Simpson answered "Let us curl, M'lady. Let us throw and sweep a'twain until the Heavens themselves drop their jaws in wonder and envy! And afterwards there'll be beer, and cocoa, with marshmallows floating in the foam. And if, from now till the end of time, someone should ask what we were doing on the eve of the seventeenth of November, we shall proclaim that WE WERE CURLING!"
"Heh-heh, they'll never look for us here." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "I mean my little girl buddy."
Homer Simpson answered: "That's enough running."
Bart Simpson answered "Oh yeah? Prove it!"
Homer Simpson replied "Me too."
Seymour Skinner responded: "Oh, absolutely, Lisa. That, and the sand bucket."
"You've never had one before?", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Love you."
Homer Simpson responded: "Woo hoo! Marge, they found a donor! I'm saved!"
Homer Simpson: "Now, we'll just send this to the dating service, the chicks'll fall for you, and bam! The healing begins."
"What? / How could you?", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Good... My stars! Give me the phone! Quick!" Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson answered: "You see, Marge, while you're off in your little world, you forgot that other people have problems too."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "How dare you!"
"I did! Whoo-hoo! Whoo-hoo! In your face, Strawberry!" Homer Simpson responded.
"So they really based that Homer Simpson character on you, huh?", Moe Szyslak responded.
Homer Simpson said "Oh, I've missed moments like this... Mom."
Ned Flanders answered: "Oh, well, I'll just have to try harder! Oops, thanks for dropping by."
Ned Flanders answered: "Well, if God didn't make little green apples -- it's Homer Simpson! How long have you been here?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Honey, what's wrong?"
"Well, enjoy your sightseeing. I promise I won't leave this bed.", Homer Simpson responded.
"I'll just use my eye.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Marge is in therapy?"
Homer Simpson responded "How can that be? I took every last can of gas!"
Homer Simpson responded: "I've seen plays that were more exciting than this. Honest to God. Plays."
Lisa Simpson said: "Three cheers for a gun-free Springfield. Hip hip..."
Marge Simpson replied: "Ow, my hairstyle!"
"Ooh...a sextet of ale.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "They're years ahead of us."
Seymour Skinner said: "How ironic."
Marge Simpson replied "Are we home yet?"
"Oh. That's great. I wouldn't trade it for all the tea in China?!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Earth to special girl? You forgive me, right?", Homer Simpson replied.
"That's me!", Marge Simpson replied.
"Well, what about people of the opposite sex who want to get married?", Lisa Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "ONCE I BUILT A RAILROAD / MADE IT RUN / MADE IT RACE AGAINST TIME/ ONCE I BUILT A RAILROAD / NOW IT'S DONE / BROTHER CAN YOU SPARE A DIME./ HALF A MILLION BOOTS WENT SLOGGING THROUGH HELL / I WAS THE KID WITH THE DRUM."
"Sorry, Homer." Moe Szyslak said.
Marge Simpson responded: "Sounds promising so far!"
Homer Simpson answered "Son, sometimes people just grow apart, like me and your Mom."
Homer Simpson replied: "My old car!"
Homer Simpson replied: "What?!"
Bart Simpson said: "All right. Follow me, to a place where nerds, dorks and dweebs can gather in safety."
"Well, at least I can eat again!" Homer Simpson said.
"Don't... give snake... attention... it's what... he really... wants.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Hey, look! Oh, they're out of hot dogs! And the cole slaw has pineapple in it! German potato salad!", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "My God says it is!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Oh Bart, I forgot my math book. Would you hold this for me, please?"
Homer Simpson said "Earmuffs."
"Okay. Just breathe through your mouth and don't ask how they're feeling.", Bart Simpson replied.
"I'll never last here." Lisa Simpson replied.
"But people can't help looking at them. They're wrecking the town." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Okay, let's go boating!"
"Pinball Wizard!", Homer Simpson replied.
"I search all the children's Facebook pages for unflattering references to me. By the way, I enjoyed the photos of your trip to Yosemite." Seymour Skinner answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Hey! Nobody cuts me off!"
"I bet we woulda lasted twice that long." Ned Flanders replied.
"It's stuck! Krusty collectible toy jammed under brake pedal!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "I gotta find another way to wreck Moe's car!"
Homer Simpson: "You're gonna live in your car?"
"Dad, I thought Mom kicked you out of the house.", Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said "I thought this was a secret ballot."
"If you won't talk to me, I'll send in Polaroids to show you how sad I am that I let you down." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "Speaking of shoes, I don't care about shoes. I'll meet you ladies back here in half an hour."
"Mom, I need a dollar. Ever since you started teaching here, kids have been taking my lunch money. And I need that money for candy." Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson: "I hope they're hover-bikes."
Homer Simpson replied "Look out!"
"That's very disturbing." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Marge! Moe and Maya are here for a double date."
Homer Simpson answered: "Hitler."
"Don't tell me what I'm not doing." Homer Simpson replied.
"Ooh, a trap door. What's down there? Your meatball collection?" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "And Maggie, you no longer have to live with the burden of replacing Bart and Lisa."
Bart Simpson responded: "Look, I didn't bring a GameBoy. This is all I got."
"Good, cause I got a hot date tonight. A date. Dinner with friends. Dinner alone. Watching TV alone. All right. I'm gonna sit at home and ogle the ladies in the Victoria's Secret catalog. Sears catalog." Moe Szyslak replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "Prove it!"
"Maybe there's enough Homer in the world for now." Marge Simpson replied.
"Looks like you took a big number two.", Bart Simpson said.
"There's this new kid at school who everyone thinks is cooler than me." Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "Straight."
Moe Szyslak said: "Ah, it's a weird world, Homer. As hard as it is to believe, some people don't care for me, neither."
Bart Simpson responded: "Wow. You don't know how impressive that is to a boy whose dad can't even get the dog to sit."
"Eh, what are you gonna do?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Homer, Lisa's already sensitive about her looks. This is the last thing she needs.", Marge Simpson responded.
"I want so much to believe you.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Beatles, eh? Oh, yes. I seem to remember their off-key caterwauling on the old Sullivan show. What was he thinking? Mrs. Simpson, this commission and all its glory can be yours, but first you must look me straight in the eye and answer one simple question.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Oh, please, can't you let me slide this time?", Homer Simpson replied.
"What?", Bart Simpson responded.
"Throw the bee and go to college. Throw the bee and go to college...", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "The kids sure had a good time with you."
"Oh, I've never been so proud. You both deserve a big, big reward!" Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "Let's see. Candles, flowers, place cards, rice..."
"Yes, in my office after school.", Seymour Skinner responded.
"Yeah, c'mon Homie!" Marge Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak replied "My craphole! My precious craphole!"
"But, but, what about the cheating?" Bart Simpson said.
"Uh-oh! Do you hear that rattle?", Marge Simpson replied.
"This address must be wrong.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "I could use some help!"
Lisa Simpson answered: "Dad, I get good grades 'cause I'm smart and I pay attention and I study hard."
Bart Simpson responded: "The only gas is coming from Lisa's butt!"
"Man, Teddy Roosevelt killed more Spaniards in one day than most people do in their whole lives!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Please, Lord, grant me the power to psychologically torture them into loving you.", Ned Flanders replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Well, I haven't said no to you lately, have I?"
"You have a drinking problem?" Bart Simpson said.
"Oh, I can't go on! This rebuttal is a sham!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Oh, must hide Lisa...!", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "Another sister!"
"Not so fast!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "You... didn't?"
Ned Flanders: "Well, I guess I'd better be..."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Let ev-ry..."
"Forty seconds? But I want it now.", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Science Officer!"
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Oh, so the island's not for sale, eh? Well, will you at least permit us to live in your socialist paradise?"
"Hey, a cartoon.", Homer Simpson responded.
"That is correct." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "Huh?"
Homer Simpson answered "Oh, stupid Isotopes. Hurry up and lose so we can get out of here!"
"Hoo boy. I guess one regret just leads to another." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Whoa! Hey, phaser, phaser, phaser -- zing!", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Ooh, they look like Skittles."
"Help! I'm trapped in an alternate dimension! An existential netherspace!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"We're gonna have a lot of mittens this winter.", Marge Simpson replied.
"I'd like to read the following statement, but I do so under my own free will. It has come to my attention that NBC sucks. I apologize for misleading you and urge you to watch as many FOX shows as possible. So in summary, NBC bad, FOX good. CBS great.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "Milhouse, check it out! I put a roadblock on the curly slide!"
Homer Simpson answered "Oh, get that away from me!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Hey, I've got an idea. Why don't the three of us go spit on the Principal's car?"
"Check." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "We've got the Who playing here tonight."
"But killing snakes is evil.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "It's from Moe!"
"Fight! Fight! Fight!" Bart Simpson replied.
"Watch your step... Don't panic... By going down the ladder, you are agreeing not to sue." Homer Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak replied: "Bye weeks. Bronco Nagurski didn't get no bye weeks. And now he's dead. Well, maybe they're a good thing."
Bart Simpson said: "Are we ever going to be there?"
"No dice -- either take care of Krabappel, or Groundskeeper Willie will say he saw you kill Miss Hoover.", Bart Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak replied: "Ah, shut your bone hole! That painting belongs to the Simpsons!"
"Principal Skinner..." Lisa Simpson said.
"Don't need to. I've got you." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Now let's take care of business."
"Welcome to the Kitchen of Tomorrow today! Marge, how much would you pay for a self-flipping hamburger pan?", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "You were born while they were married so legally, no. But in the sense someone calls you one when they're angry, yes."
Seymour Skinner answered "Martin, in light of this fiasco, you're going to have to resign as president."
Bart Simpson replied: "Hey, Lis, a moment of your time."
"Oh, no. I went to this bar the other night, and they...", Homer Simpson responded.
"I don't wanna.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "Is Uncle Fester still alive?"
Lisa Simpson replied: "Bart, I hope you don't believe your own hype."
Homer Simpson replied "Eh, same old garbage!"
"Is it that exchange student Mx!pa?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Oh, Chief? Your boy's been kidnapped." Seymour Skinner answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Christian Charity? What does a porn star have to do with this? He's gotta go!"
Homer Simpson responded "We already own a book!"
Homer Simpson answered "Maybe a drink will help me with my driving."
"I knew this day would come. The cows are taking back what's theirs." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Ah sure, there'll be a couple of uptight counselors who won't dig the Bart philosophy, but I feel the human body is a thing of beauty."
"Never!", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "They can't see or hear us, right?"
Bart Simpson: "No! Don't hurt them! I'll just keep them as pets."
Marge Simpson answered "What on earth was that?"
Marge Simpson: "Well... okay."
Marge Simpson responded "I don't want to get Homer in trouble, but it's just plain wrong to use that blind spot to turn our back yard into a Mecca of misdemeanors!"
"No.", Moe Szyslak answered.
Homer Simpson answered "I voted for Prell to go back to the old glass bottle. After that, I became deeply cynical."
Marge Simpson said "I asked him here to cheer you up, but I didn't think you'd drop everything to go gallivanting with some, no offense, Spaniard."
"That's tonight!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Not in my damn house.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Woo hoo! Who's Chase?" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Hmm, the boy's acting really weird. I did everything that TV show told me to and he's still not happy."
"You kids are in big trouble, running away from home like this.", Homer Simpson responded.
"I thought you might like this restaurant, Bart. They'll make a pizza pie with the topping of your choice." Seymour Skinner said.
"Are you?", Homer Simpson said.
"That's another twenty or thirty years." Homer Simpson said.
"So what's the simplest explanation?" Bart Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner: "Now, I did - I did go to the town meeting with the intention of ambushing Mr. Burns. When it adjourned, I rushed to the lavatory to apply my camouflage makeup..."
Homer Simpson answered "Oh, no, I'm not... Oh, well, let's see whatcha got here."
"Yes, son, you can have an electric guitar, just like your old man." Homer Simpson answered.
"He's got a tree in his eye!" Lisa Simpson said.
"Tickets, please. Hey, where's your ticket? Leave me alone! Why you little..." Homer Simpson replied.
"This cell phone is so I can call you whenever I need your driving services. I've put in my own ring tone!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Marge, you're embarrassing me in front of the drag queen."
"Who undid my do?" Homer Simpson said.
"Hey, Homer, bring me back a torpedo.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Probably digging for drugs."
"Homer?", Marge Simpson replied.
"Some old lady thing, nobody's heard about for fifty years?" Bart Simpson responded.
"Maggie grew up to be a world-famous architect." Marge Simpson responded.
"Half a gallon of chocolate brownie fudge.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Wow, brown!"
Homer Simpson replied "...and the entire steel mill was gay!"
Homer Simpson responded "Absolutely! And this is just the beginning! I've got some big plans."
"Yay!" Lisa Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns said "All right, next on my shopping list...a new phone!"
Homer Simpson answered "You monster! On another subject, next Thursday I have to leave work early. I assume that's cool."
Homer Simpson replied: "It's true. Now, you'll have lots of special people in your life, Lisa. There's probably some place where they all get together, and the food is real good, and guys like me are serving drinks. Oh well, maybe I can't explain all this, but I can fix your doll house for you. At least, I'm good at monkey work. You know... monkey. You know what I mean?"
"Guys, this is gonna be hard for a while, but we'll get through this... as a family." Marge Simpson answered.
"Open-ended! C'mon, Lisa. Say everything's fine. Everything's fine.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "Dad, you ran for Class President?"
"Don't worry honey, you'll have children of your own someday. Then you'll know my joy.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "You better not make me cry. 'Cause I don't know where my tear ducts are anymore."
Homer Simpson: "Peek-a-boo!"
Lisa Simpson responded "What do you care?"
"Whatcha readin', Santa?" Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "Lady Penelope Ariel-Ponyweather."
Lisa Simpson said "Well, that's a relief."
Homer Simpson answered: "Because I wore a pink shirt."
"Has the MyPad risen?", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Look, I love Bart... But he's never even read a newspaper."
Marge Simpson replied "Homer, I'd be lying if I said that this is how I pictured my wedding day... But you are how I pictured my husband."
Marge Simpson replied: "He's just drumming louder!"
"A dash of glue, a turn of screw, and a gazebo's built that's perfect for two -- or more!" Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "I fed your fish."
Bart Simpson said "Let me drive. I go through yellow lights."
Homer Simpson replied "Sorry Sarah, I'm retired."
"Satan, eat my shorts!!", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "A pimple! Not on my day you don't!"
Bart Simpson responded "What's a game show?"
"Isn't there anything faster than a microwave? Four, three, two, one, ping!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Sorry I'm late. I didn't realize you had to turn the oven on to bake stuff." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Is that why you brought me here, spirits?"
Bart Simpson replied "Okay, Milhouse... I'll trade your Carl Yastrzemski baseball card for my Omar Vizquel."
"A couple of stink lines around his butt... and I'm done.", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Woo Hoo! Jackpot!"
"Loser.", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "I just had a bad dream."
"Submerge! Periscope! Aooga! Aooga! Die, Nazi octopus, die!", Bart Simpson said.
"No, it couldn't be..." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Get out of the way, Krusty!", Bart Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner responded "Mmm-hmm."
C. Montgomery Burns: "Excellent. Bribing those two judges has paid off. Just as it did during the Miss Teen America pageant."
Marge Simpson said: "Homer, did you barricade the door?"
"Dad... You have to put chlorine in the water every day, to keep it clean.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Hey, don't give up, Moe. The girl of your dreams has gotta be in some bar."
"And goodbye, Cruller World." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Yes it is."
"My name is Timmy O'Toole. I just turned ten years old.", Bart Simpson said.
"Look, Marge, I'll just talk to Apu and I'm sure he'll be reasonable." Homer Simpson said.
"I washed the dog today.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Ahhh. I'm the luckiest man in the world, now that Lou Gehrig's dead."
Marge Simpson replied: "Hmm, it's actually more of a honey glaze --"
"I do call this living! Living the way kids in India can only dream of!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "My keys!"
"Purple Rain!", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "Oh come on. What kind of big fat moron would fall for..."
Homer Simpson said: "Have a Duff, boys!"
Marge Simpson: "That runs on electricity also."
Marge Simpson responded "Honey, keeping track of someone because you love them is not wrong."
"Ohhh, look, Homie. Our wedding cake." Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "I thought I had one of those chirping keys."
Bart Simpson responded: "Shouldn't you be keeping your hands on the wheel?"
"My feet hurt, and my neck is cold." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "That's all I ask."
"I don't have to listen to these wild allegations.", Bart Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders responded "I started drinking orange juice with pulp! I asked the Reverend and he said it was okay. Then he hung right up on me. That man is cranky at three in the mornin'."
"Moe!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "Okay. But every man deserves a second chance. As long as he doesn't..."
"What a load of crap!", Bart Simpson answered.
"I love visiting you at work, Dad.", Bart Simpson said.
"You stole this entire room from Ned Flanders' house!" Marge Simpson said.
"Don't tell anyone, but my sister Lisa is best friends with Alaska Nebraska." Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "It's working!"
"Ahh." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Hmmm, I see... I sure hope they don't have an ice cream round."
"Nope, just you, Marge and Yogi Bear. Kidding!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Yes Dad, I solemnly swear I will not tell another living soul... No, not even Milhouse.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Okay. But first, you must apprentice by kissing the goddess Ironica, uh... who lives in this rock.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"I paid for fifty laps and I'm gonna take them!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Mamma mia!", Moe Szyslak said.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Smithers, look! He's standing up! I've never seen anything so adorable. You know who it reminds me of..."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Nice work, Smithers. When we get back, I'm giving you a raise."
"That scary guy?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"On saxophone, Lisa Simpson.", Seymour Skinner replied.
"Well, my room is my sanctuary. My family knows that and respects that." Lisa Simpson answered.
"And it's not even against the rules." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Well, we can't just stand here staring at our hands."
"Maggie, you're such a quick learner -- why don't you learn how to fly!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"No! No! No! No! That's Super Hell!", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Yeah, I agree. I mean, you are pretty annoying.", Bart Simpson said.
"Not me, they love me.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "U-su-ry?"
Homer Simpson answered "Yeah, you're right."
Marge Simpson responded: "When I joined, I never thought we'd be robbing people."
"Oh yeah..." Bart Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak answered: "Now, no matter how much he hits you, you don't do nothin', okay? You don't wanna get drawn into a boxing match here."
"We've got to go down there and help Dad!" Lisa Simpson said.
"Get out!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Bart, why are you tugging on your collar?", Marge Simpson answered.
"What does that mean?", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "And we're more in love than ever. In your face, people who said it wouldn't last a year!"
Homer Simpson answered "Cups... newspapers... bottles... tricycle... lawn chair... un-cashed checks..."
"Um, I took him to a kennel... two towns over. Just 'til the new dog gets settled.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Exactly like Chandler, always criticizing.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "Ehhh..."
"But we're here to ask if you have an idea for a couch gag." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Mm-hm.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded "Mom, I know Dad cares about you, but his feelings are really hurt. Why don't you just say you're sorry?"
Bart Simpson said: "I have all sorts of problems: lack of attention, I'm afraid of ovals, I only know twenty-four letters... don't you fall asleep on me!"
Homer Simpson said "Boy, I don't know. You gotta be pretty desperate to make it with a robot."
Lisa Simpson answered "Oh, figs."
Seymour Skinner responded: "You know, I still think about you all the time."
"Stop! Stop!", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "I tried."
Ned Flanders responded: "Bullet-proof glass."
Marge Simpson answered: "Lisa broke her own record -- by two whole plusses!"
Moe Szyslak said: "Hey Clinton, get back to work!"
Homer Simpson said "But--"
"No, it's true. The car, the soup... It's like you hate me... your own husband..." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Oh God, my back! It hurts so much, and my job is so unfulfilling!"
Homer Simpson replied "Aaah..."
"He took the time to press the shift key, Marge! I think he knows what he's talking about.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded "Homer get a-hold of yourself. Even if he has passed on, there's no reason to cry. Remember Doggie Heaven."
"Yeow!", Bart Simpson replied.
"Now, don't get too used to these. That awful doctor said he'd take them out in a couple of days." Marge Simpson said.
"Ready for a real workout, Marge?" Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson: "To be fair, the millennium just started, so it's not that big a deal... But they're giving it to me!"
Bart Simpson said: "If you get one up his butt, it's a million points."
"Milhouse!", Bart Simpson replied.
"Hm, they look good with a little meat on their bones." Homer Simpson responded.
"I was supposed to be in charge of you. I can't let Mom and Dad know what I did. But I promise I'll take good care of you until you're well again." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "To you, my bubbly, long-necked, beechwood-aged lover."
Marge Simpson said: "Well, I just made the bathroom floor smell like lemons. Where's the award for that?"
"Mr. Flanders, why are you moving?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "Oh. Well, then you have to ask yourself, is this the right house for you?"
"All right, you can shoot your gay adult film at my house." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "THE SIMPLE SOMETHING THAT DUM DEEDLE DUM DEE DEE... / NOW LET'S PUSH PLAAAY!"
"Done and done. I'm going to the organic market!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "I wish."
Marge Simpson responded "Oh my God! Mother was right."
"Cancellations require twenty-four hours No-tice." Homer Simpson responded.
"Look how loud I have to yell!" Homer Simpson said.
"Uh-oh.", Homer Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders responded: "What do we have here? The long, flabby arm of the law. The last case you got to the bottom of was a case of Mallomars."
Homer Simpson replied "And that is that."
"Yeah, all they do is kiss.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Joe's Crematorium. You kill 'em, we grill 'em." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "I forgot why I'm doing this."
"A lot of things come and go in life. But not fame and fitness.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Bread tastes like clothes.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "Yeah, and what happened to the money you made?"
"This is a great thing! We're helping people celebrate Christmas, and we'll be able to afford Christmas!", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Okay."
"My ex-girlfriends.", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "I never agreed to that rule!"
Lisa Simpson answered "Hey Bart, If we get all of these big stars to appear on a special with Krusty, it might get his career going again."
C. Montgomery Burns said "You lied to me! Release the hounds!"
Marge Simpson answered: "No rockets! You can pick the frosting."
"Meaning what exactly?", Seymour Skinner responded.
"Acid, eh? Gee, that would have been stupid. Boy would my face have been red!", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "There's my hundred -- where's my party?"
"Okay, we can trace where the kids are by the charges they made on your card. In Colorado, they charged two hundred dollars worth of bubble gum.", Marge Simpson said.
"SO WE'LL MARCH DAY AND NIGHT /" Lisa Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Ah, this place is gonna smell classy all week."
Seymour Skinner responded "Well, I'm a little worried that, uh, with all this attention, Edna may meet someone better."
Homer Simpson responded "C'mon, Doc. There's gotta be something I can do to help my dad."
"When Willie asked me to be a presenter at the New Awareness Awards, I had to think about it... for about a microsecond.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Boy, don't blow up this mall! It has the cookie store that gives free samples!"
Bart Simpson: "Hey, didn't anybody notice this place sucks?"
"I'm the one who told you that." Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied "Wow, I never thought Principal Skinner could become any more of a square, but there's the proof."
Marge Simpson replied "Thanks to our own spice girl: Becky."
Bart Simpson replied "What's the matter with you, soldier?"
"That's right! Lisa Simpson, you're school champion!", Seymour Skinner replied.
"B-But I'm using my whole ass." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "They're having a conversation. They actually enjoy talking to each other."
Homer Simpson said: "Ooo... pointless nostalgia."
"Yeah, I was sticking up for you.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Way to go!" Seymour Skinner replied.
"Ball pit, that's nice. One, two, three colors -- you got 'em all.", Moe Szyslak said.
Marge Simpson responded: "Well, if you can't sleep, why don't you do something constructive?"
"No, you're gonna get trouble.", Homer Simpson said.
"Say Moe, was it a duck?" Marge Simpson answered.
"I think you'll find living thrifty a lot more satisfying than stealing.", Ned Flanders replied.
"Frank Grimes...", Homer Simpson responded.
"What are you doing, Marge? Didn't you hear the song?", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "A book?"
"Okily-dokily!" Ned Flanders said.
"Well how would you feel if we sold them something that turned out to be valuable?", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Huh?"
"Where is my roadster? You were due back a month ago!", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Well, Simpson, I must say, once you've been through something like that with a person, you never want to see that person again.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Noooo!" Ned Flanders responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "Bees."
"The last place anybody would expect to see a moon: the sky!" Bart Simpson said.
"Oh man, I'm too pretty to go to jail. You don't know how lucky you are.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Yeah, that's the price of success."
Bart Simpson answered: "I'm Bart-Man."
Marge Simpson responded: "Homer, stop insulting us and eat your filth. Food. I mean, food."
"How ya doin' there?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Hmmm. Well, Marge, who's the unfit parent now?"
Marge Simpson replied: "Where did they all go?"
Homer Simpson replied "Thank you, Honey."
"A half ton of newspaper and all we get is seventy-five cents? Huh, that won't even cover the gas I used to go to the store to buy the twine to tie up the bundles.", Seymour Skinner answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Cool!"
"I finally feel like me again. You're not disappointed, are you?" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Man, you're making me hot for my Dad."
Homer Simpson answered "And somebody wanted to get rid of it in April."
"You could be on to something there, Doc...", Homer Simpson responded.
"More angry texts from work!" Homer Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "That intrepid lad is my great grandfather! Franklin Jefferson Burns. Tossing that tea without a care for what the caffeine would do to the Fenway Flounder."
Homer Simpson answered "Hey, honey. Sorry I'm so late. I had to lay off twenty-seven robots. Don't tell me they can't cry."
"I'll be good.", Bart Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner responded: "Their tiny tongues are like knives!"
"...where they were helped by a crusty old clown." Marge Simpson replied.
"Get along, little buggies!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "Oh, Lord."
Seymour Skinner said: "Pull, Willie! Pull!"
"Oh, man that's good.", Homer Simpson replied.
"And why is that?" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "When did you take that picture?"
Homer Simpson replied "Did she really say that?"
"Let's bake him a cake.", Marge Simpson said.
"Excellent, Zutroy. Work hard and each day you'll get a shiny penny.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Goodnight, dear."
"Wait. Wait. There's one part of the story even Grampa didn't know about: a few months later, I went to rescue Bongo...", Homer Simpson responded.
"I wanna go lecture the food court businesses that are still using Styrofoam!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Did someone order a super stud?"
"Well, I know he's wishin' you'd sign his petition...to re-criminalize medicinal marijuana." Ned Flanders said.
"Dad, my life lacks direction!" Lisa Simpson said.
"Forget the name Homer Simpson. Have it sent care of... Langdon Alger.", Homer Simpson said.
"Yes, God.", Marge Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner answered: "Don't worry, I have a plan: pretend I agree with them."
"Uh... Hitler's dog... and that dog Nixon had... whassisname... uh... Chester.", Homer Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak responded "Whew! I thought it was an inventory issue. That's a big relief. Now don't worry, I'll let 'em down easy. In four years!"
Bart Simpson said "Oh, man."
Homer Simpson answered "Gonna run out the clock in Florida, eh?"
"Isn't this the busy season? Where is everybody?", Bart Simpson said.
"Each of these buttons represent an employee. When I press it, he or she dies." C. Montgomery Burns said.
Bart Simpson responded: "Whoa!"
Marge Simpson responded "Oh, I can't wait to see my surprise!"
"All right, son... but you have to pay me back." Homer Simpson said.
"Seriously, gimme the money." Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Please don't kill me! I won't tell anyone about the skeleton. And I could bring you more victims. Like Lenny! He'd go great with wild rice."
"Those are the odds they're giving in Vegas." Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "I like pranks. Everyone likes pranks. Even Dr. Hibbert."
"Here you go, Barn! That'll be forty-five bucks.", Moe Szyslak replied.
Ned Flanders responded: "I thought I smelled death-a-diddly. What is that, an eight-pointer?"
Marge Simpson replied: "Watering can!"
Bart Simpson said: "What religion are you?"
"Wow. Let's go find that hot dog tree I planted." Homer Simpson responded.
"A sport that encourages hand-holding." Marge Simpson responded.
"I knew this would happen. I put you on the jury and you vote for the stupidest film." Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "He was gravely wounded in a bank shootout."
"Hey, I came here to be drugged, electrocuted and probed, not insulted.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow." Bart Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "I suppose, but you're certainly buxom and flirty."
"Yeah. Nice gag.", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded: "Playdude magazines? Have you been hiding bosom rags from me?"
Homer Simpson said "Well, someone's tucked in to an insane degree. Goodnight!"
"Two wrongs make a right, Lisa. Ah, Rex Morgan M.D., you have the prescription for the daily blues." Homer Simpson answered.
"It's good! It's good! It's good!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Get this. He said... he said... well, it wasn't so much what he said, it was how he said it!"
"Giddiyup! Merry Christmas, suckers.", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "Mom, I think I speak for everyone in this bed when I say you have nothing to worry about. Now let's just try and get a little shut eye, okay?"
"Do it!", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Look at you, using approved electronic devices."
"Blah, bla...", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "Darling, you're so much handsomer than my first husband."
"Go ride bikes for a while, huh." Marge Simpson responded.
"...but my husband's acting pretty odd. Coming home late. Drinking in the morning." Marge Simpson said.
"Don't let the bedbugs bite." Marge Simpson said.
"What?", Bart Simpson replied.
"Well, it is. I've known your father since high school and this is the cleverest thing he's ever done. Besides, he's only breaking a silly, two-hundred-year-old law...", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Use your brains to help us. Your delicious brains."
Bart Simpson answered: "No, Mom... Wait. It's time for me to bend over and receive my destiny."
"Get off my property." Homer Simpson responded.
"Stop it!", Homer Simpson said.
"Juliet, I'm scared." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Exactly! You'd be fit to be tied! Dogs!", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Duh. She said that because she respects Alaska's privacy. Just as I have no doubt you guys will respect Lisa's privacy." Bart Simpson responded.
"I'm bored. Send in my jester." Bart Simpson replied.
"No, I'm trying to get me drunk.", Homer Simpson answered.
"I don't recall authorizing this booth.", Seymour Skinner replied.
"Oh. Bart?" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Oh. Design your own power plant, eh? This is my chance to show everyone how professional I am."
"No need, Flanders. I've already given them my old clothes." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Who shall I say is calling?"
"Wait a minute! You did it!", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Marge, can I get a duck?"
"Oh, you're sweet to offer, but, uh, we're all just so tired, we just want to get to our new house and rest in peace." Ned Flanders said.
"Look, you kill them, I get rid of them. That's always been our deal. But I do have one question: do you want the head?" Homer Simpson responded.
"No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm just thinking we could send you to a better place... you know, a place where they can really take care of you.", Ned Flanders said.
"No.", Bart Simpson responded.
"That's okay, son. I'll take care of him." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Padre, can I be honest with you? I've sucked every church book ribbon there is hoping to find one made of cherry. But there isn't."
Homer Simpson: "Marge, has my life peaked?"
"Aw, that's my girl." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "It's kind of you to take us in, Dr. Bushwell."
Homer Simpson responded "I have returned!"
Bart Simpson responded: "Do you have any giant squid? The kind that drags men to their deaths?"
"See you in spring, toes!", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied "Dad?"
Bart Simpson answered "Dad! We can make it to harbor if we can just sail around that lighthouse!"
Homer Simpson said: "Judgment day is at hand."
Bart Simpson: "Church, cult. Cult, church. So we get bored someplace else every Sunday. Does this really change our day-to-day lives?"
Homer Simpson said "But I can't be out of beer. I'm the Beer Baron!"
"Electric needle room?!", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Calm down, Marge, it's just our life savings. I'm not going to go into hock for this."
Homer Simpson answered: "This can only mean one thing."
Seymour Skinner said: "I don't know Edna, I'm not quite ready to take that plunge."
Ned Flanders answered "Get rid of Dr. Fuzzenstein? Why, I couldn't dream of thinking about considering..."
Homer Simpson answered: "Simpson, you've done it again."
"Yes, ma'am.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "No need. I already went online and ordered a new couch just like the old one."
"Hellooo Springfield! It's me, Homer!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Yes, Mr. Smithers."
Ned Flanders replied "Sometimes to keep from hurting someone's feelings, we have to say things that aren't exactly..."
Homer Simpson answered: "No deal."
"That's right, everyone. The best math student in the whole school is a girl!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"It's always a party with Funzo!" Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "Neither did I. I didn't want to know what color the Statue of Liberty was. But you know what? I was wrong. And these ladies are too."
Homer Simpson replied "Well, that's what I... Wait a minute. What are you doing?"
Marge Simpson: "They always say they're innocent. It's such a turn-off."
"No, thanks. I'm just here out of spite." Marge Simpson answered.
"Grazie, Springfield!" Bart Simpson answered.
"And since we're returning your second born, do you think you could see your way to returning my TV tr..." Ned Flanders replied.
"I could say it's the being shot at or the flat, emotionless way you talk or the fact that PayPal was my idea and I was just about to do it when you came out with it... but really it's that this town isn't ready for you, and neither am I.", Homer Simpson answered.
"But I haven't earned his trust if it's based on a lie." Homer Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders answered "Stop!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "You know, this mass-produced junk doesn't express how I feel about Dad. I am making him a present that comes from the heart."
Lisa Simpson answered: "As the CEO of SpringFace, I want you all to have fun as you write source code until you fall asleep at your consoles."
"You do?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Sure, we've got a lotta catchin' up to do.", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson: "Come to Homer's BBBQ. The Extra B is for BYOBB."
"Ah... another perfect day in my perfect life with my perfect job." Homer Simpson replied.
"Must... squeeze... harder!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Homie, I'm glad you're passionate, I just hope you're not riling people up with your show.", Marge Simpson said.
"Well, we're not the only ones to be unjustly imprisoned. Check out all the left-wing celebrities." Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "Yo, Grampa! Time for the awards."
Marge Simpson said "It's all my fault. I should never have listened to those KISS albums when I was pregnant."
Marge Simpson said: "Oh, here, let me help you."
Lisa Simpson: "It's not funny, Bart! Millions of girls will grow up thinking that this is the right way to act! That they can never be anything more than vacuous ninnies whose only goal is to look pretty, land a rich husband, and spend all day on the phone with their equally vacuous friends talking about how damn terrific it is to look pretty and have a rich husband!!"
Bart Simpson said "That nerds conduct electricity."
"That freeloading fatso! Marge, could you cut back on your makeup budget?" Homer Simpson said.
"Our first anniversary.", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded "So I guess the lesson here is..."
"Ooh, let's go to the waterpark. My ten-year ban ended yesterday.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Patty! Selma! We're home."
Marge Simpson said "Bart, what famous historical figure do you want to write about?"
"I'm on it.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Then may I please rent it, please?", Bart Simpson answered.
"Awww. / Oh, no." Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "And what color would that be?"
"Time to reap the benefits of being cool." Bart Simpson answered.
"You should hang with us sometime, Lis." Bart Simpson responded.
"Frightened, Bart? Welcome to Stage Three: Fear.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Maybe I was a little hard on him, expecting him to be Larry right away. By the way, where is Larry?"
"Dad, we have to do something -- all the bees are dying!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"That's our girl.", Homer Simpson said.
"Okay, comforting, comforting... Uh Dad, whenever I would hang out with Grandma, she would always ask me about you. And I'd say you suck, and she would say... you don't suck that bad." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Duff please."
Ned Flanders: "Okilly dokilly."
"Oh, I'm sorry.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Well, I'm not opening the door.", Homer Simpson answered.
"No. We saw how much this cruise means to you, so we all sold something special. And we made just enough for an economy cabin!" Marge Simpson responded.
"The light's on. All systems are ding-dong!", Marge Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner answered "Yes... well... get started."
"It does?", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "/ Ow!"
"Homer, please. I have to alter this suit so it looks different for tomorrow.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Hi, Ralph.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"We're free! And we've got something to eat.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Listen, you thugs, stop making fun of him or you'll be sorry!", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "That's just the engine powering up. That's just the engine struggling."
Marge Simpson said: "Chazz Busby says you're really making progress! Do you need more leg warmers?"
"I can't neuter you, boy. Not after all we've been through.", Homer Simpson responded.
"So get on the boat... the gravy boat." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Thanks for the freedom of speech, dorks."
Homer Simpson replied "Hey, you got rid of that goofy sacred elephant statue."
"We can't drive this up there. They'll see the dent. They'll see the coat hanger antenna. Stop the car. We're walking." Marge Simpson responded.
"Good grief, this candy's terrible." Bart Simpson answered.
"Marge, you're a tool of the dog house makers." Homer Simpson responded.
"Uh-oh.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Hmm. That looks entertaining.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Lisa Simpson!", Bart Simpson replied.
"Hey, someone's boarded up our windows!" Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "There you are."
"Oh, oh, oh, I get it. You can't fire the players, so you fire the mascot. You make me sick." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "That's terrible!"
Bart Simpson answered: "I'm outta here. Skinny, Krabby, catch ya later."
"Hey, c'mon, quit it.", Homer Simpson replied.
"No way. We scored a free Hawaiian vacation." Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Hey Mom, can we have fried chicken for dinner?"
"Twenty-two points. Plus triple word score. Plus fifty points for using all my letters. Game's over. I'm outta here.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Anyway, I was growing to admire my professor more and more..." Marge Simpson answered.
"Just quoting our twenty-sixth president, Lis. You could use a little T.R. in your life.", Bart Simpson said.
"Wow, Dad, you're really working hard." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Ohhh, thank God. Thank God. Thank God.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "C'mon, son. Let's take the head thing back to the authorities."
Homer Simpson replied "Could you give my wife a few lessons?"
"For the next week I stayed alive by eating my mother's delicious preserves and maintained my sanity by dribbling a nearby basketball with my one free hand. I made a game of it, seeing how many times I could bounce the ball in a day, then trying to break that record. Occasionally the police arrived to search my home.", Seymour Skinner answered.
Lisa Simpson said: "No, I can't! I can't eat any of them!"
Marge Simpson: "Lisa, you've got to learn that life isn't always fair. Try to channel your disappointment into something creative, like a sampler."
"To the mall! I'll explain on the way!" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Is it my hair? My overbite? The fact that I've worn the same clothes, day in, day out, for the last four years?" Bart Simpson responded.
"You know, that's exactly what I --" Ned Flanders replied.
Marge Simpson responded "See, Abe, we're still visiting you, even though we have no biological obligation."
"How would you know? Your backhand looks like a rusty gate." Lisa Simpson responded.
"I never used those pizza coupons." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Oh... Oh... Ooo... Oh... Yodel."
"Well... I want to do the Christmas shopping this year." Homer Simpson said.
"Finished?", Bart Simpson said.
"Easy... gentle..." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "Oh, you're such a vigorous young go-getter. When's your next coffee break?"
"Where do the people sit?" Bart Simpson answered.
"Oh my." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "Almost everybody."
Homer Simpson responded: "So come to The Legless Frog... if you want to get sick and die, and leave a big, garlicky corpse. P.S. Parking was ample."
"We can find him faster by splitting up. You take fried foods. You take salty snacks. I'll take desserts. Break!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "I know how to save this park -- I'm gonna organize a charity carnival!"
"You, there. Put your hands up.", Bart Simpson replied.
"It wouldn't be the first time." Homer Simpson responded.
"False." Homer Simpson responded.
"Well, if we'd left at four A.M. like I wanted to...", Bart Simpson responded.
"And we carried it out as a family!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Hmmm." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Praise be Oliver."
Homer Simpson said: "Really? Sure."
"Nothing-head day!", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Seymour Skinner replied: "Actually, there are. Five, ten, fifteen, twenty... Uh, can you two share a hook?"
"Don't worry, sweetie. With me at your side, our toast will do just what it's supposed to: steal focus from the bride." Homer Simpson replied.
"Thanks for making me feel better." Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "Oh, that load of crap? No, I was just keepin' her busy while Nelson stole microscopes. Make with the story."
"Well, the folks at the senior center sure will love that peach tree we planted.", Ned Flanders replied.
"Have any of your workers ever had their hands cut off by the machinery?" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Marge! Kids! You're alive!"
"Come on, it's easy. Just push A, B, up, up, left trigger, right trigger, and both triggers at once.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "That longhair freak's bowled with us for years."
"Once again, cats have it better.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "I never complain about your frilly pillows."
"Please Dad." Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "But seriously, we've had a lot of fun with our dad over the years."
Marge Simpson replied: "No, no, I didn't mean--"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Why did you shudder just now, Mom?"
Homer Simpson answered "Goodbye, Bart -- I like your sheets."
Homer Simpson: "Homercles cares not for beans."
C. Montgomery Burns said "Let me get this straight. You're pleased with your current appearance? Ah, why my good man, you're the fattest thing I've ever seen. And I've been on safari."
"He's targeting the nuclear plant?!" Lisa Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner answered: "Leave us forever? I'd better pee on this fire."
Marge Simpson responded: "Oh, what do you think?"
Homer Simpson answered "Huh?"
Bart Simpson said: "Go pink! Come on, pink! / Come on, blue! Come on, come on, come on, take it, take it, there you go, yes!"
Homer Simpson responded "Sure, boy."
"Of course she did. Who else would have?", Bart Simpson answered.
"Hello, I'm Mr. Plow. Are you tired of having your hands cut off by snow blowers, and the inevitable heart attacks that come with shoveling snow?" Homer Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner replied: "So Willie, during the festival, you'll be wearing these urine-soaked rags. You're the village idiot!"
"Oh, come on, I do plenty around here! Lisa never lifts a finger. Why don't you go yell at her?" Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "Hey, you're back. Did you rock the Casbah?"
"I'll take him too!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"I love it when Mr. Burns shows a movie at work." Homer Simpson answered.
"I won't have cowards in my army.", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "Gee, Homer, are you sure this is the right thing to do?"
Lisa Simpson responded "Isn't it wonderful to have a hip female influence in the house?"
Bart Simpson responded "Why don't you guys take him. I thought he was the right dog for me, but I guess I made a mistake."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Hey mom, can you pack me a dozen sandwiches in my lunch tomorrow? Meat, no meat, it's all good."
Lisa Simpson replied "Well, she couldn't indulge in strenuous activities like handball, but otherwise she was fine."
Homer Simpson said "Best six hundred bucks I ever spent. C'mon, boy. We've earned this Saturday, now let's make the most of it."
"Not now, honey. Daddy's busy." Homer Simpson said.
"Ooh, your toaster takes bagels. How ritzy!", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "Oh, no..."
"Mmm, I suppose I could...", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "How much do you want for it?"
"Banned books?!", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "What are you doing?"
Homer Simpson replied "Lumber. We need lumber."
Lisa Simpson replied "Mr. Estes, the publications advisor. I edited the whole thing."
"Patty, Selma, what a pleasant surprise." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "You know, Marge, this is just like when we were dating."
Bart Simpson answered "Sorry we ruined your life, Homer."
"Bart?" Marge Simpson replied.
"That's clever... and devastating. Stop the competition!", Marge Simpson said.
"I'm supposed to talk to you about Proposition 305..." Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "I do!"
Marge Simpson replied: "Moe, I know things haven't been easy for you. But you're with people who love you in the most exciting of the twin cities."
"Bart!", Marge Simpson responded.
"Uh, we're with them.", Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson replied "You stupid nerds! He's trying to save you money on long distance!"
"Over the sink! Over the sink!" Marge Simpson said.
"Big Daddy, would y'all mind passin' a li'l ol' biscuit?", Lisa Simpson said.
"Real doctor or PhD?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Uh, huh, that's Mr. Plow." Homer Simpson responded.
"Wait! We have to exchange insurance!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Hey, we can be a team!"
"Aw Dad, we'll miss you so much." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "How 'bout a Greg Norman Executive Putter from the Sky Mall?"
"Ow! Oh, Bono! Help me!" Homer Simpson said.
"Finished. Now all we have to do is put our names on it." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Hello, Marge. It's me. Homer."
"Thanks, Moe.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Well... duh. You, Scioscia, sign up..." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Peace on Earth."
"But sweetie, I just wanted to tell the '74 Oakland A's how I felt about them.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Ah, Little Vicki, I really think she had her heart set on..."
Homer Simpson said "Ready... for... pick up. Ready! For! Pick up!"
"Does not." Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "But after some thought, all my worries went away."
C. Montgomery Burns: "The telephone has been ringing for some time. Answer it."
"Say it Burns. Say I never shot you... Before.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "How did you know?"
Bart Simpson replied: "It's your fault for giving birth to my arch-enemy!"
"I think I'll go to bed." Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "Good."
"You said you meant to make brownies. Any other lies?" Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "You're going to Stanford."
"Why did I agree to moderate this teleconference?" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "The boss says you're fired."
"Come in. Come in. Don't wipe your feet.", Homer Simpson said.
"Sorry.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "Hey, it's the runt. I'll take anything but the runt."
Seymour Skinner said "Really? You'll be my Cyrano?"
Marge Simpson answered "I think we should take him off the drug."
Bart Simpson replied: "I could have trained them to be my unholy army of the night. Go my pretties... kill, kill!"
Marge Simpson answered: "Well, did you call one of your friends?"
"Well, if you're not rich then how come you have a new refrigerator, an electric can opener, a milkshake machine...", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Quiet, honey, you don't know how big this government is. It goes all the way to the president."
"Well, bring him here now! I want my Homie back! I miss him and the things he did!", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Senior citizen? Flanders?"
Bart Simpson replied "Dad, we can't let this happen to Belle! Do something!"
Marge Simpson answered "No, no, no! That won't do at all!"
Marge Simpson said: "Homer, when did you become a member of P.E.T.A.?"
Bart Simpson said "You crapped out, Vegas Mom."
"Hello, Mom? You won't believe what Bart's doing." Lisa Simpson said.
"Yes. Share with us the wisdom of the street, oh mighty Alcatraaaz." Seymour Skinner replied.
C. Montgomery Burns: "Oh, please, continue..."
Homer Simpson said "Honey, I'm sorry. It's just that we have a hard enough time handling three kids."
Marge Simpson said "Homer!"
Seymour Skinner replied: "Just write down my findings as I give them to you. Six hours, nineteen minutes, right ascension, fourteen degrees, twenty-two minutes declination... No sighting."
"Creationism? But that's not science.", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Somebody ought to ruin Gabbo's career the way he ruined Krusty's."
Homer Simpson replied: "That's it, I'm writing a Christmas carol. If I can make my own clothes, I can do anything."
Marge Simpson responded "Here, right?"
"Hey, Barney, which one is Whirlwind?", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Not true. You've got the guts -- and I've got a web cam! This time you can tell the truth..."
C. Montgomery Burns answered "My boy, you are a star!"
"there, there's the ol' face-shredder!" Ned Flanders responded.
"Well, you could punish me, but...", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "...so, killing people together has really spiced things up in the bedroom."
Marge Simpson said: "That's just a souvenir from an amusement park."
Bart Simpson said: "We have a problem, Seymour."
"But he'll bring us joy, Marge. Unlike all your silly gewgaws.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Yeah.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "It was poisoned."
"Oh Death, you're a lifesaver!" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Rudy my man, you're a miracle worker."
Homer Simpson answered "I don't know. I'm kind of dizzy. I should probably go home sick."
"Now you know what I've been goin' through." Homer Simpson replied.
"Wait! I've got an idea!", Bart Simpson replied.
"Uh-oh." Homer Simpson said.
"That's my final offer, take it or leave it.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Your point being?"
"Are these indiscretions romantic? Financial? Or Treasonous?", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Lisa Simpson said "Well, I will never forgive you, Bart."
"I, I, I tuned out. Where we goin'?", Moe Szyslak said.
"Mom? Don't you think I could read the report by myself?", Homer Simpson answered.
"I love spying.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Take those silly things off." Marge Simpson replied.
"Sorry Lis, I can't be a vegetarian -- I love the taste of death! But please, help me get my cow back.", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "Sometimes it's fun to use candles."
Homer Simpson responded "Coooool."
Ned Flanders replied: "Well, I'd love to help you out, but you do have to be over eighteen."
Bart Simpson answered: "What?!"
"Hey!", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Marge, the bathroom scale is lying again."
"Aren't you ready for church, Homer?", Marge Simpson replied.
"And now for your triumphant walk down the runway.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "This is the greatest invention in the world! You'll make a million dollars!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Hello Maggie... hello Maggie."
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Now, the tables have turned, haven't they?"
"No, no, that's impossible. We reserved it months ago." Seymour Skinner responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Don't worry, Marge. As a favor to you, I'm enrolling that precious little jerk in this fresh air summer camp."
"Laser effects, mirrored balls. John Williams must be rolling around in his grave.", Homer Simpson said.
"Bart, no!" Marge Simpson replied.
"Hey, Norman. How's it going? So you got dragged down here, too... heh, heh. How ya doing, Fred? Excuse me, Fred.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Oh Lisa, if they're ever going to pull the plug on me, I want you in my corner, honey."
"Great joke, guys. Ha ha. Ha. Guys?" Bart Simpson answered.
"Here you go, Monkey.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Hello, Lisa. Help me bite crime. Ruff, ruff." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Don't worry, this time I'm gonna write down where I parked."
Bart Simpson replied: "Okay, gotta focus, gotta focus, gotta look at that bird, gotta focus."
Bart Simpson: "But you'll kill both of us!"
Homer Simpson said: "No."
Homer Simpson: "Pan-thers!"
Homer Simpson: "Huh, wha'? Oh, okay."
"Mmm... feed..." Homer Simpson said.
"How 'bout Tuborg? The beer of Danish Kings." Moe Szyslak responded.
"Oh, my goodness! Look what's happened!", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"I'm not sure my wife will go for these naughty mud flaps.", Homer Simpson said.
"I can't believe it. He covered your whole bed with wildflowers?" Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "All food tastes like barf now."
"What is your problem, boy?" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Lousy snitch."
Homer Simpson said: "Well... if hiring this guy will make Lisa like me again, then I'll do it! Can I get this beer to go?"
"But Dad, by striking they're trying to effect a change in management so that they can be happier and more productive." Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "Awww."
"Son of a diddly!", Ned Flanders replied.
"Uh-huh!" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Hey, hey, now you're talkin'!"
Bart Simpson said "Wowww... That's good Squishee."
"Milhouse?" Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "So, can I deliver that to the office for you?"
"NOW HERE'S A TIP FROM BLANCHE YOU WON'T REGRET..." Marge Simpson responded.
"How can I fit my whole life into a suitcase? Maybe if I move that thing there... perfect." Bart Simpson replied.
"I'd better switch to the hard stuff." Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "So, did all of your cars break down?"
Lisa Simpson replied "Mr. Lincoln, my name is Lisa Simpson, and I have a problem."
"Are you playing poker with my college fund?", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Okay, uh-huh. Okay, okay,. Okay, okay, okay okay, it's done! I'm doing it! Birthday gift coming your way!", Bart Simpson replied.
"939?! What the hell is that? Oh, my life is ruined." Homer Simpson answered.
"What a gyp." Bart Simpson replied.
"Run along, boy. You're free now!" Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "Why?"
Homer Simpson answered "Somebody wants mommy to change baby's diaper."
"Your boyhood dream was to eat the world's biggest hoagie. And you did it at the county fair last year. Remember?", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "I'm not set at all."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Asterisk! Asterisk! Asterisk!"
"Okay, we're all locked up now...", Bart Simpson replied.
"I'll return this to the school.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "You can supervise me."
"You made some good friends, didn't ya?", Moe Szyslak said.
"Hey, why aren't you doing your homework!" Homer Simpson said.
"Oh great. Dad's dead." Bart Simpson responded.
"You know, if we were younger and crazier, we'd trade in these tickets and run off to Miami!", Marge Simpson answered.
"Omigod! What'll I do? What'll I do?" Homer Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner answered: "These are Bart's uncompleted homework assignments for the last month: worksheets, problem sets, book reports, math jumbles, dioramas, topic sentences, conclusions, bibliographies, synonyms, mean-the-sames, define-a-likes, word twins and one Thanksgiving hand-turkey."
"Uh-oh." Homer Simpson responded.
"But, but...", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Hey!"
"Moe? What are you doing?" Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said: "Bob! You saved me! But how did you get the strength? Calder's work in this period was marked by heavy use of sheet metal painted to look deceptively airy."
"Shut up shut up shut up!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "I can't believe a mattress could make that much difference..."
"What a wonderful night's sleep. Thank you methasorbizone tartrate, also known as Nappien." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "There you go, doll."
Marge Simpson replied "Homer."
"Why don't you start a rumor that he's...ding-a-ling-a-ling hello-oo!" Homer Simpson responded.
"I understand, honey. Did you get someone to cover?" Marge Simpson answered.
"Doesn't ring a bell.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"The kidnappers say if you worry too much... they'll kill me." Bart Simpson replied.
"Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "And what about the tattoo on my you-know-what?"
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Anyway, I love this hideous thing. Young lady, I'll take it!"
"I learned too late that it implied tumescence.", Seymour Skinner replied.
"All right, Marge. I'll do it. For you." Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh no! Those were for Mr. Smithers' commitment ceremony!", Marge Simpson replied.
"Why is it always me? I work twelve hours a week, you know!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Oh, right."
Homer Simpson responded "Could someone bring me another barf cone?"
Bart Simpson answered "Yeah, Dad! You're a big fat loudmouth. And you can walk when you have to."
Lisa Simpson said "Ladies, grab your pebbles!"
"I'd like to cash in these chips. Give me most of it in cash and the rest in suitcases to carry the cash.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Mm hm. Two o'clock is fine. Thank you, Dr. Hibbert." Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied: "It would be the day my childhood ended."
"Krusty?" Bart Simpson answered.
"With a virgin Tom Collins for me?", Bart Simpson said.
"Please Dad.", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "What's that extra b for?"
Bart Simpson said "Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Quit it. Ow! Quit it."
Bart Simpson answered "Well, now that hypnotist is gonna come back and snap him out of it!"
"You know, we've been through some two hundred and eighty adventures together, but our bond has never been stronger.", Marge Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak replied "Nah, it's just as well. That handsome face was nice, but it was too much maintenance. I had to wash it, rub it with neat's-foot oil... You did me a favor, Homer. And to think I was about to sell the bar to Hooters..."
Homer Simpson: "Aren't you tired of having to peel that last snotty Kleenex from the bottom of your wastebasket?"
"Do you know who else was really into rowboats? Jesus. And he could've turned his rowboat into a jet ski, but he didn't. Good guy.", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "Thanks, Dad. Sure you're not gonna be bored?"
Homer Simpson responded "Yeah. So uh... it's five o'clock. Time for Moe's."
Homer Simpson answered: "Okay, Marge. But don't be surprised if a snuggle monster shows up."
Homer Simpson said: "This isn't a happy thing!"
"Maggie, help me with this shirt.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded "Oh my."
Homer Simpson replied: "We know. Frank Grimes, Jr."
Marge Simpson responded "Please give me back my boy! I just want to tell him I love him one more time."
Ned Flanders responded "Yeah. A crazy guy shot a bunch of people and the subway ran over my hat."
Homer Simpson replied: "It better be tonsillitis."
"All right!", Bart Simpson responded.
"You think it's him?", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "GUARANTEE VOID IN TENNESSEE."
Homer Simpson answered: "A hundred bucks?! For a comic book? Who drew it, Micha-ma-langelo?"
"Ew! On every level! Ew! Bart, you have to treat girls like they matter -- not like they're a bunch of Milhice. What? It's the plural of Milhouse. Look it up." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Dad, I can't forgive you because there's nothing to forgive." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Korean Love Brides?!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "I'm Lisa Simpson and you're the first person I've met here who cares about our animal equals."
"Plus, we get free apple, orange and grapefruit juice!", Marge Simpson said.
"Then it's a deal." Bart Simpson responded.
"Dear, I am not the jealous type. And from you, I have learned to feel compassion for these disgustos.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "I seem to recall you asked me to get this fat!"
Homer Simpson answered "Nice chair toss. Good one, skinny. / You guys get these chairs from Regal Rents? / Boy, you're a great stacker. / Hi, Lisa. / Now that's precarious."
"Mom! Dad! Bart's on the move!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Come here, you. /"
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Whoa-oa-oa!"
"Son, we're in this mess together. No matter how tempting it might be, I can't let my only boy get ripped limb from limb by a blood-thirsty mob.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Two weeks?! Well, what am I supposed to do? Just sit on my ass and watch TV? That ain't my style, man!"
Homer Simpson replied: "My insomnia, it's gone! Check it out, Marge. I'm sane again! And I owe it all to... Spring Break!"
"Woo Hoo! Woo hoo hoo hoo!" Homer Simpson said.
"Prove it.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "Does it look like... this?"
Ned Flanders: "No, Ned Flanders."
Bart Simpson said "How about me?"
Homer Simpson said "I can't go undercover with Fat Tony. He's met me. I've been in his house. I was briefly his Consiglieri... Consugly... Canolli... Robert Duvall."
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Hello, Smithers. Nice of you to drop by... after my life was saved."
"But I'm out of the woods now, right? I mean, whatever doesn't kill me can only make me stronger.", Homer Simpson responded.
"My Dad's a disgrace, just like Bart's Dad. Me." Homer Simpson said.
"Uh, hey Ned, lemme help you with that." Homer Simpson said.
"Did you know they're real, but there's a huge government conspiracy to cover it up?" Bart Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns said "Oooh, here, let me get that, friend."
Moe Szyslak answered: "Oh, that's it. You're dead, pal."
Bart Simpson answered "Wow."
"Whuh! Marge, not here. Hey, you're not really arresting me...?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Aw, can't we stay one more day? The Occurrence and I are going to the tanning salon and get oiled and broiled."
Homer Simpson responded "Yes. This is Homer Simpson from America. Who may I say is speaking to me?"
Bart Simpson said "I get it, Dad."
"You do? Why?" Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "Find out if he has a wife! We could double date!"
Marge Simpson replied: "That was thoughtful."
"I'm okay, honey. Now listen very carefully. I want you to pull on the thing that's near the other thing." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Men's room? Oh my god! We're completing each other's..."
"I thought you left home to be a star.", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Dinner's ready! Dinner's ready!"
Marge Simpson: "No suicide axe!"
"But, you didn't get any on m...", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Put the noodles in the shed. There isn't gonna be a swimming pool."
Homer Simpson replied "Ooh, I got a text!"
Marge Simpson responded: "Just, just let me get--"
Homer Simpson replied: "Uh-oh. Here comes Lorne Michaels. Pretend you don't see him."
"So this is where you go when Mom kicks you out?", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "Why do I waste my breath?"
Lisa Simpson said "Their tap water tasted better than ours!"
Marge Simpson said: "You've been to space."
Lisa Simpson said: "I don't know, I guess he forgot, but people seemed to like me last week."
Homer Simpson answered: "Ow-wooh-wooh-wooh! I'm married to Joey Heatherton."
"I just wanted to say hello.", Marge Simpson said.
"Friends and well-wishers, yes." Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "Oh, no."
"Credenza, credenza, lowboy, sideboard, portmanteau...", Marge Simpson answered.
"...then take Bart to get C-I-R-C-U-M-C-I-S-E-D.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "What'd I miss?"
Seymour Skinner replied "Bart Simpson to the Principal's Office. Post haste."
Lisa Simpson responded "I'm not a little egg sucker, am I?"
Homer Simpson replied "Yes, Sir, I did."
C. Montgomery Burns replied "As of now, each of those nuclear nitwits is wearing a video camera -- with a direct feed to me."
Bart Simpson responded "The lady knows funny."
Homer Simpson answered: "Got it..."
Homer Simpson replied "No, thanks."
"What did I do?" Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded: "...And we'd be doing our part for the environment! Plus, we'd get to clean up all those cute animals."
"Mom, can we talk to you?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "Wow. What else did you do, Dad?"
"Oh, that actually feels good after the... after the crotch." Moe Szyslak responded.
Homer Simpson: "Hi, kids... I love"
Bart Simpson said: "Uh, I'll take it from here, Ralph. Umm, we're just hangin', chillin'... little bit of illin'."
Seymour Skinner replied "We have two guests who have come from Springfield!"
Homer Simpson replied: "I'm going to make it! I'm going to make it! This is the greatest thrill of my life! I'm king of the world! Woo hoo! Woo hoo!! I--"
"GOING UP SHE GOES! UP SHE GOES!" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "Well, time to hit the books."
Bart Simpson: "Nah. Come on, Lis."
Homer Simpson responded "Well... I also keep things interesting."
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Now, I'd like to introduce you to your new manager. You'll find his integrity and dedication make him untouchable."
Bart Simpson: "Where's the I.R.A. when you need 'em?"
"I'll teach you to whistle on the Sabbath!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Moe, we want our bar back."
Bart Simpson responded "So, Lis, ready for your trip?"
"Oh, you'd like that wouldn't you, ya...", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh blessed urchin! How can I reward you?", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Ned Flanders answered: "I'm glad the only beef between us is this burger!"
Bart Simpson replied "Hey, Looney Tunes, this is what Michael Jackson looks like. You look like a big fat mental patient."
"All right! Now all we need is a name.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"I figured he'd never miss two or three pieces. Money which we could use to pay for Bart's operation." Homer Simpson replied.
"Stupid Welcome Mobile, I knew it would ruin me." Moe Szyslak said.
"From now on, you guys can no longer say these hateful words.", Homer Simpson answered.
"We could all lose our jobs.", Homer Simpson replied.
"A rest home for pirates?" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "In your face, to-do list!"
Lisa Simpson said: "Oh, for the love of God."
Bart Simpson responded "Fine."
Bart Simpson responded: "No! You can't take my Focusyn! I need every brain cell blazing to outwit my invisible enemies!"
"Wow. Now I have the energy to do anything!", Bart Simpson answered.
"Seems to me I already did." Homer Simpson said.
"I'm tired of being cooped up in this house all the time!", Marge Simpson answered.
"It's Reverend Lovejoy!" Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson: "Tell me more."
Ned Flanders replied: "Listen to that singing... those poor fools. Homer, I'm ruined."
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Oh, look! Some careless person has left thousands and thousands of dollars just lying here on my coffee table. Uh, Smithers, why don't we leave the room and hopefully, when we return the pile of money will be gone."
Lisa Simpson: "Dad, don't throw rice, it makes the birds swell up!"
"Well, I'm so glad there's a show we women can enjoy!", Marge Simpson said.
"Oh, Homer, you're not going as a hobo again?", Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered "I don't see your name on it."
"He did?", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "Did you spend our savings on a motor home?"
"Fine! You can have your key back!", Marge Simpson answered.
"Milhouse! You're Bart's best friend!", Marge Simpson responded.
"But some flowers can stab you in the back. / For which I should send you flowers. / Which I will, but they were closed. / You'll be gettin' them tomorrow." Moe Szyslak responded.
"Now, hold it right there you..." Seymour Skinner said.
"Ah, Homer Simpson, at last we meet.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Moe Szyslak said "Am I? Huh. Hadn't noticed."
"You make them stop -- by doing the right thing.", Marge Simpson answered.
"So kids, its Valentine's Day, and you know what that means -- you get to stay downstairs watching TV with the sound turned way up." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "It's not supposed to."
"But--" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Oh! Oh! Not the face!" Moe Szyslak said.
Marge Simpson answered: "That laughter sounds like the result of misbehavior. Bart! How did you get a cell phone?"
Marge Simpson responded: "I guess I've been in denial. Homer... Kang is Maggie's father."
Bart Simpson answered "Dad, I thought you didn't like her saxophone."
"Come to think of it, I haven't seen Uter since the last field trip." Bart Simpson said.
"Okay now, don't want no trouble. Let me just get my cash out of my cash drawer here." Moe Szyslak answered.
"You're stifling my creativity, Dad.", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "No wine for her -- she's only eight!"
"Lisa, why aren't you smiling with us?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Marge, Lisa and I were just discussing how to improve tonight's performance. Now you're confusing her by telling her she was perfect." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "I'm not sure I..."
Homer Simpson: "Jury duty. I'll see that Quimby kid hang for this."
"Marge, whatever it takes to make you well, we'll do it." Homer Simpson replied.
"I'm happy on Christmas Eve. And for once it's not 'cause some drunk left a wallet on his stool." Moe Szyslak responded.
Bart Simpson responded "There aren't any dangerous animals in this forest are there, Dad?"
Homer Simpson replied "Goodnight, sleepyhead. Do you have to poop?"
Marge Simpson responded: "And we're blowing off Uncle Tyrone's birthday!"
"Can you shoot one where I'm Rambo and my wife is Betty Boop?" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded "So this is where you've been going -- another woman's apartment."
"Even you?", Lisa Simpson responded.
"No, you're a-wrong!" Homer Simpson responded.
"I've been so blind. In retrospect, the signs all pointed to a rogue hall monitor.", Seymour Skinner replied.
"You know who the real crooks are? Those sleazy Hollywood Producers.", Homer Simpson said.
"No you don't...", Homer Simpson responded.
"But everyone will know you did this!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Monorail! Monorail! Monorail!" Bart Simpson replied.
"Oh yeah, it's all the kids talk about on Monday at school." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Moe, what do you recommend for severe depression?"
Marge Simpson: "Artie Ziff!"
Bart Simpson answered "Ay caramba!"
Homer Simpson said: "But..."
"Actually, when I was about to have Bart...", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded: "Bad cat! Leave her alone!"
Lisa Simpson said: "Be myself? I've been myself for eight years and it hasn't worked. Look at all these dorky clothes... A bathing cap... nose plugs..."
Homer Simpson replied: "I'm telling you, I saw a creature from another planet."
Marge Simpson responded: "Guess what, Homie... There's going to be twice as much love in this house as there is now."
Homer Simpson: "Ah, home to my loving family. What more can a man ask for?"
"Look, it's celebrity boy-toy Ned Flanders and his arm candy, Sara Sloane." Bart Simpson answered.
"Really? It must be the Champale talking.", Homer Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner said "And Lisa, you have a choice. You may continue to be challenged in third grade, or return to second grade and be merely a big fish in a small pond--"
Marge Simpson answered "Homer..."
"Mom, that's veal." Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "You had no right to make my bosom this ample!"
"Uh, Maybe." Homer Simpson answered.
"Well, it's pretty ingrained.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Well, maybe you added it wrong. Let me add it..." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Hey, boy! In here!"
Homer Simpson: "She said I didn't suck?"
"I think somebody's afraid to admit he's out of glaze.", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "Grown-up nerds like Gore Vidal. And even he's kissed more boys than I ever will."
"Krusty funny." Bart Simpson replied.
"...doomed to get only single pneumonia." Seymour Skinner replied.
"Oh, yeah, I got that." Homer Simpson responded.
"Hey, Barney! Soul mate! Let me buy you a beer." Homer Simpson answered.
"And I always got the spillover. Drive-in movies, two Christmases, soda with dinner -- we lived like kings!" Bart Simpson responded.
"Oh-ho-ho-ho, please. You're gonna give me a swelled head. I just stopped by to see if you needed anything.", Ned Flanders responded.
"Dear Log: My worst fears have been confirmed. I've hit my mental and creative peak at the tender age of eight. What will my life be like after I descend into mediocrity?" Lisa Simpson said.
"This is why I can't have nice things." Lisa Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders answered: "Sorry to break character, but these stunt pants are getting pretty toasty!"
"Now you're swingin', honey!" Homer Simpson answered.
"This is the stupidest fight ever!" Marge Simpson responded.
"I am!" Marge Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak: "If they was me they'd be done by now."
Homer Simpson replied "Get with the program, Marge. Your husband is now an ambulance driver!"
"Aw, this isn't the right one -- she wants the baby!" Homer Simpson said.
"Nice fella. I wonder if he's gay?", Homer Simpson said.
"Nice try, Todd.", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la!"
Marge Simpson replied "Oh, Homie. You're good at lots of things."
Homer Simpson replied: "Pressure too high?"
"All right. All right. Bart, go to your room." Homer Simpson responded.
"I'm sure she'd be proud that her descendants had piping hot tap water and plenty of warm, dry underwear.", Marge Simpson said.
"Say your name? Why should I do that, my lad?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Boy, I never thought I'd have my own dark room." Homer Simpson replied.
"Son, I just want you to know, whatever that judge decides, I'm gonna be the best dad I can." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Hey, Mom, look!"
"Now we give them the bikes, no one sues." Seymour Skinner replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "What's the difference between this lamb and the one that kissed me?"
"Way to go, Slim!", Bart Simpson replied.
"I guess this is gonna have to be decided by a higher power." Ned Flanders answered.
"You see? A little persistence and patience paid off. That'll be 300 dollars.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Aw... I mean arrrgh!" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "That's right. That's my pop!"
"Follow... the... This must be why I'm here! Follow the what? Follow the what? Hurry up!" Homer Simpson said.
"What about a robot with a human brain?", Bart Simpson responded.
"I brought Homer here to show that we can, and have, abstained for two whole days." Marge Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak replied "Who is it? Is it anybody?"
"Oh, come on, Dad, I promise we'll have more fun this time. We're gonna see lions." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Great, great -- I turned over so many wheelbarrows... Wait, that was your thing."
"Right. Bart, you stay home and tape the hockey game.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "You wanna talk about it?"
"Yeah!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Janey.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Can't talk, praying. Dear Lord, the gods have been good to me and I am thankful. For the first time in my life, everything is absolutely perfect just the way it is." Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak answered "Too rich for my blood. I should not have anted with my blood."
Homer Simpson: "No, ma'am."
Bart Simpson replied: "Well, it used to be."
Homer Simpson replied: "Cherries!"
"My what?", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Decided? That's classic. Decided. Babies just happen."
"You could raise some emus..." Marge Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak said "Stickin' it to you for killin' off my character!"
"Eeech." Homer Simpson responded.
"Ooh, she wants to know how your life is going." Homer Simpson responded.
"Well explain to me why it isn't." Marge Simpson answered.
"What in blue blazes do you think you're doing, Simpson?" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Did not."
Moe Szyslak replied: "That's a smile, right? Showin' teeth, eyes all crinkly."
"You're pregnant?!" Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "Sorry."
"Well then..." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Don't you get it? He swore he'd kill me too. I'm next!"
Homer Simpson: "Good, 'cause I need directions."
"Now do-se-do..." Bart Simpson responded.
"Artie Ziff! Why are you living in our attic?", Marge Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak: "Yes, Virgil?"
Bart Simpson replied: "Okay, everyone. My best friend is a little messed up, so everyone be extra nice to him."
"Say, who are you guys?" Homer Simpson responded.
"That's me." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Woo woo! All right! I always knew you had personality. The doctors said it was hyperactivity, but I knew better. President Simpson. Has a nice ring to it, doesn't it, boy?"
Homer Simpson responded "Prove it, Hollywood!"
Marge Simpson replied: "This election is on every channel."
Lisa Simpson replied: "But--"
"Thanks for trying, guys, but Sideshow Bob wants me dead, and Sideshow Bob is an unstoppable killing machine.", Bart Simpson said.
"See you in Hell, soldier boy!" Bart Simpson responded.
"Yeah.", Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, look! A shooting star!", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "I want to go on a boat ride, Unky Herb."
"Let's just leave the crazy woman alone in our house. We've got something more important to attend to.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Yeah, who'd've thought he'd turn out to be such a weirdo?" Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh, don't call me lady. My name is Marge Simpson, this is my family and we're not going anywhere. We're all going to have to live together, so you better get used to it... please."
Seymour Skinner responded: "Who did this? Until I find out, no one is leaving this mixed-use auditorium."
C. Montgomery Burns said "You're going down, my friend."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Homer."
Lisa Simpson replied "The mouse is named Itchy."
Bart Simpson replied "Dad, if we're gonna race Duncan, shouldn't we hire a professional trainer?"
Marge Simpson answered "Homer, quiet. You'll queer the deal."
"Now there must be a way out!" Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "Well, I'm sure these things didn't destroy themselves, now did they?"
Bart Simpson responded "Man, that's some story."
"Boy, a good man really is hard to find." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Deal!"
"White. And what would you like for appetizers?", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "This proves Bart lied about being kidnapped!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Why you little bastard..."
"Ooo, looks like a sandstorm's brewin'. I'll just wait it out at a movie.", Ned Flanders replied.
"Are you doing an app behind my back?", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "What do you weigh? Like a million pounds?"
"Never!", Homer Simpson said.
"Man, this place looks expensive. I feel like I'm wasting a fortune just standing here. Better make the most of it." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Wow, your paintings have brush marks and your statues have wieners!"
Bart Simpson said "But Dad said I had to finish--"
"Oh, that sounds too complicated.", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "If you don't let us watch, we'll just go to a house where some more permissive parents will."
"How is the Feast of Twelve Delights with Triple Happiness Sauce?", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "Yeah, look!"
Marge Simpson replied "Look at all those worried faces -- except for Lenny. He looks great."
"Okay Bart, be cool. Calm down. You're not gonna die up here.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Yeah, it'll be fun. Fresh country air, apples for the pickin'... sing-along hayrides..."
"Like Halloween and Christmas, April Fool's Day traces its origins to pagan ritual.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "What? You told me I should do something with my life."
Homer Simpson answered: "All right, screw it. Let's roll."
"Okay." Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh man, this is great. The most evil man in town is in our power. He will do my bidding... at that fantasy football auction. And anything else my limited imagination can come up with." Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns said "Now, while the plant is brought up to code, there will be massive layoffs. That is to say, total layoffs. Toodles!"
Marge Simpson said: "Homer! Watch your mouth!"
Bart Simpson said: "Sure, why not."
Bart Simpson said "A little singing? If there's one thing he did not have to genetically enhance, it's his voice."
"Her films are so lyrical! The phone lines are gonna be jammed." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "No, a guy at work seems not to like me. I guess it's not much when you look at real problems in the world like major league umpires not using instant replay."
"Split up?! Marge, no! We can fix this marriage!", Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner: "You have a special tie to your sister..."
Marge Simpson responded "Our wedding china's ruined."
"Read the bosom part again, Dad." Lisa Simpson answered.
"So how do you know so much about American history?" Bart Simpson answered.
"Now children, you can have one piece of candy tonight and save the rest for..." Marge Simpson said.
Ned Flanders said "And, of course, I resist all the major urges."
"Oh my God! Dad threw too hard!" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Come on now, just a little more. Little more to the left... to the left there. What did he do this thing? Almost... Ahhhhhhhhh"
Bart Simpson said: "With you, every day is Guy Fawkes Day!"
"You know, Mother, I wasn't sure about tonight. But seeing us dressed the same really feels right!", Bart Simpson answered.
"Bart, I've barely been here a good solid week, and you've been sent to my office eleven times. And now that I have peanut butter cups, you seem to be gettin' in trouble every hour." Ned Flanders replied.
Bart Simpson said: "May I please be excused for a minute?"
"Hello, son." Homer Simpson responded.
"We can fly over them with the power of love, right?", Bart Simpson replied.
"Please Lis, they prefer to be called the Living Impaired.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Okay. Time for truth or dare. You go first.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "I've been listening, and Dad stops breathing for as long as five minutes. Mind if I sleep with you guys and keep an eye on him?"
Bart Simpson replied "Whoa, it worked!"
"See? Luckiest man in the world.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Huh. Maybe I should clear the air.", Moe Szyslak responded.
"For a superior race, they really rub it in.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Well, are you gonna talk about it, or are you gonna do it?", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Marge!"
"You told me something, but I wasn't listening!", Homer Simpson responded.
"I don't recall being consulted when you bought that hat." Homer Simpson said.
"Oooh... entertainment." Homer Simpson said.
"Psst. Bishop to queen four.", Homer Simpson said.
"I'm afraid what I like can't be swallowed, sniffed or smoked.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Yahhh!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"How can you say a thing like that?" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Huh?"
"Sweet." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said "This place is amazing! Kiosks! Outdoor study groups!"
Homer Simpson answered "Huh?... There have been so many classic Simpson moments. I remember that time I tried to jump over Springfield gorge..."
Homer Simpson said "Fun me... fun me... fun me..."
"How're you doin', Mr. Assange?" Bart Simpson responded.
"Hey, these are Red Vines. Here you go, sweetie. Daddy got you your candy." Homer Simpson answered.
"Dallas! Whoo-hoo!" Homer Simpson replied.
"No, all those bald children are arousing suspicion -- to the park!" C. Montgomery Burns said.
Moe Szyslak replied: "Aw, hey that's the guy what created him! If Homer had used some protection, we'd all be poopin' roses on easy street!"
"That's not true, honey. You can always write a depressing Broadway play of some kind." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "How am I supposed to get home?"
Lisa Simpson replied: "How'd you think of such perfect things for us to do? Did Mom help you?"
Marge Simpson said: "While you were out there daydreaming, this rain has ruined the house."
C. Montgomery Burns: "Dis-embroider the crew jackets. We can still send them back."
"Oh, man, that's good. Pass the butter.", Homer Simpson said.
"Going cold turkey isn't as delicious as it sounds.", Homer Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Anything she wanted I was willing to do. Anything. Except..."
Homer Simpson said: "Ahhh... they never come around anymore now that they've got their mistresses."
"It's one, excluding mine falsely!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Bart Simpson replied "Can I stay with you, Dad?"
Homer Simpson responded "Marge, tell her how I don't push Ned around."
Homer Simpson responded: "It wasn't just a piece -- it was the whole cake! Frosting... like snow... on the eaves of a Bavarian castle!"
Lisa Simpson answered: "Really?"
Lisa Simpson replied "Okay... Here goes."
"Shoo! Shoo! Shoo! Shoo! Shoo! Shoo! Shoo!", Marge Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak responded "If I didn't sell booze, they probably wouldn't even come here."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Sorry, Bart. I'd love to help you but I'm mired in Stage Five, self-pity."
"So, hey, did you see the game last night?" Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson said "Then I must flee!"
Homer Simpson: "Yeah. The only thing that's gonna be hacked to pieces now is this celebratory cake!"
"Marge, soaring above the forgiving beauty of nature, I have something to confess. Um... I wasn't there for that wedding toast because... I was buying a lottery ticket.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "The old stupid moustache'll win him over."
"No.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"No, I got it." Ned Flanders answered.
"Hey, let's get this down to the funeral home before they try to back out.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Smooth and slippery. Thank you, Zamboni King.", Bart Simpson responded.
"I'll miss you kids too.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Oh, yeah! And I'm not easily impressed. Wow! A blue car!"
"It's Wednesday, Homer." Marge Simpson answered.
"Homie, the faucet is dripping." Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered: "She hates me because I'm pretty!"
"Hello, Floreeda." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "How'd you like to be played by John Goodman?"
Homer Simpson said "Uh-oh."
Seymour Skinner replied "Truant ball, eh? I'll help you."
Bart Simpson answered "Tonight we're gonna put our fake sores back on, then jump the fence at Club Med, and scare the normals."
Homer Simpson replied: "Pfft, look in the mirror, unplanned miracle."
Homer Simpson replied "Great. Oh, uh... and there was something else. Something I was supposed to tiptoe around..."
"Well, Mr. Cat Burglar, you'd like to get in here, wouldn't you? There's just one little problem. Thirty-six years ago some lady gave birth to a man named Homer J. Sim -- Oh my God! Underage kids drinking beer without a permit!", Homer Simpson said.
"No he won't. He hates me." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "It's in there. Look, Marge we just don't need the money that bad."
Bart Simpson answered "You know, I've done a lot of bad stuff through the years. I guess now I'm paying the price. But there's so many things I'll never get a chance to do. Smoke a cigarette, use a fake I.D., shave a swear word in my hair..."
"But you're not gonna get divorced like Milhouse's parents, are you?" Bart Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner said "Even mushroom risotto?"
"Hey, there's nothing wrong with that. I just wonder how they keep it so fresh after forty-three episodes.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Check it out... I stole the sign." Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "This is getting boring. Either murder us or tell us how you got here."
Ned Flanders replied "Homer, do you know why I'm a Christian?"
Bart Simpson responded "Just hold the light."
Homer Simpson answered: "Your kisses feel like raw liver."
"Yo, this is tunnel tag. When you're tagged, you have to spread your legs and freeze.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Oh, yes you are.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Well, here goes...", Homer Simpson responded.
"He didn't know that!", Homer Simpson said.
"What's that ruckus?" Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Well, we can dress it up a bit. We can bring a fern... and a folding chair from the garage... And the most decorative thing of all: the truth."
Homer Simpson answered "I didn't even tell you my name."
Marge Simpson responded "Lucas."
Ned Flanders replied "Maude? Boys? Come on up! We're gonna have a little camp-out in the dinghy."
Ned Flanders replied "Pretty funny, Homer."
"Really? What's your handicap?", Homer Simpson said.
"Allowance Day. Ding ding ding ding ding.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Keep it under your hat, guys, but I've got a date with a married woman."
"Ewww!", Lisa Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Well, you'd be a welcome change of pace from the rest of these crude and uncouth sailors."
"Stupid Moe, you just had to act like yourself, didn't ya, ya jackass.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"You? No way. It's too dangerous.", Homer Simpson replied.
"We've got to tell Dad!" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "All right, all right I'm still thinking!"
Lisa Simpson said: "Fourth of July fireworks were a different story. They meant more to my Dad than my Mom could ever know."
"Here he is! Here's the guy you wanna see.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Never, but it's my number one concern!", Marge Simpson responded.
"Looks like somebody's gonna have to do some yard --", Marge Simpson responded.
"Let me get this straight. We're behind the rest of our class, and we're going to catch up to them by going slower than they are?", Bart Simpson answered.
"Silence!" Bart Simpson said.
"How about the Clock Channel?", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "No child of mine will go without anything, ever! Except quality healthcare!"
"Ooo, fascinating.", Homer Simpson responded.
"How could you exploit your beloved chimps like this?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Oh my God, Homie! Look!", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Homer mad! Homer smash! Get revenge on world!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "Just like me!"
"Krav ma-wha?" Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "Hey, I wrote the application. Do any of my friends get to come?"
"Only my hairdresser knows for sure.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "What for?"
Seymour Skinner replied "Hmmm, I haven't seen such unfettered hurly-burly since the fall of Saigon. Well, William, another school year gone by."
Marge Simpson: "I am so pleased to meet you."
"Sure, we could tear this house down...", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "I'm writing a novel!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Yes, son. We can."
Lisa Simpson: "Yep. Message boards are never wrong."
"... And thank you most of all for nuclear power, which is yet to cause a single proven fatality, at least in this country. Amen.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "What? Why?"
"Good doggy. Good doggy!", Marge Simpson answered.
"Man, it's been a crazy morning. Champagne?", Homer Simpson replied.
"They're my friends, rightfully. She only got them by copying me!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Bob's trailer at the construction site?", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Gladly." Homer Simpson said.
"Let's see how far we can take this..." Bart Simpson responded.
"Hey, they have Latin Grammys." Marge Simpson replied.
"Nice! Favorite Beatle?" Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Okay, everyone study two-out situations, count management, and I'll be back with some gluten-free crackers."
"Uh-huh." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Oopsie.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "So, I notice your home smells of feces."
"See what your greed has done?", Marge Simpson said.
"Ah, business is slow. People today are healthier and drinking less. You know, if it wasn't for the Junior High school next door no one would even use the cigarette machine." Moe Szyslak said.
"I'm sorry your surprise party was spoiled." Marge Simpson answered.
"But gambling is illegal." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, I wouldn't want to be Mr. T right now."
"Dissin'? Do rappers still say that?", Marge Simpson answered.
"Don't worry. This castle is impregnable!" Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "Well, the important thing is that we survived."
"Hey, where is she?", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "Bart, your school requires you to give everyone a Valentine card in an envelope with a fun sticker. Your teacher put out an email alert... with a video attachment."
"Oh, you ain't no mob. You're just a buncha spineless weasels!" Moe Szyslak answered.
"So, what have you learned so far from our post-apocalyptic movie marathon?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh. Yeah. Thank you." Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "God bless America."
Lisa Simpson responded: "But I bet underneath, he's a sweet, sensitive person -- like you. I guess you could say I want to bring out the Milhouse in Nelson."
Marge Simpson replied "So that's how you see me? As a spineless, potato-cooking housewife who can't compete in the real world?"
"Transubstantiation!" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "Wow, I can't believe we're going to Disneyland! Hey, where's all your luggage?"
Bart Simpson said: "Aw, c'mon, Mom, we'll help you surf."
"Isn't this fun, honey?", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "I'll bet no man would touch you."
"And get this fixed? What's the rush? Don't you want everyone to see what a responsible babysitter you were?" Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "Hi, Sideshow Bob."
"No! No! Let me go! Let me go!" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"$300 for doing nothing?! I feel like such a crook." Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "Well, someone's gotta make her feel welcome."
"No, I think it's Niagular.", Bart Simpson said.
"However? What however? What do you mean, however? However what?" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Draw the curtain."
"You can start makin' it up to me right now. Flanders is leaving the house. I want you to sneak in there and bring me back some evidence... and something sweet for later.", Bart Simpson said.
"But it doesn't look safe. And the guy running it looks a little seedy. No offense.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Well, uh, the thing about that is, uh..."
Homer Simpson responded "I'M SO HOT FOR ME, I'M SO HOT FOR ME / I'M SO COLD..."
Homer Simpson answered: "I guess it's not all bad."
"Daddy's on fire. Daddy's not on fire. Daddy's on fire. Daddy's not on fire. Daddy's on fire..." Bart Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders: "Sour ball, take me away!"
Homer Simpson said: "Oh mighty God, send a flood to destroy this wickedness."
Homer Simpson: "No. Let me hear you play."
"Sorry. Two P.M. Or you can steal a boat and sail out to International Waters." Moe Szyslak said.
"Moe, this trip is about turning your life around.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Looks like you were saved by a Christmas tree.", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "Lis, women are easy. State capitals are hard."
Homer Simpson responded: "You're right, boy!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh yeah, a reward from Cheech!"
Marge Simpson said: "Chett, I'm here to ask you one simple thing: please go out of business and donate all your profits to charity."
"Well Maggie, I always knew it would some day boil down to just you and me. I'll look for work in the morning.", Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Hmmmmm."
"Hey, Wiener Boy... Where do you think you're going?" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Hey, Maggie could play out there... while I watch her from in here. Whaddaya say, Maggie?"
"Simpson ten, terrorists eight.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "Hello, my name's Dimitri. I'm a first time caller, long time listener."
"Okay, remember where we parked.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "More Vicodin and eggs, please."
Bart Simpson answered "Oh look at you, opening a book so you won't have to talk to me. Well I'm just gonna be tuning up the old armpit."
"Well, it's eleven a.m. on a workday, so he must be at that stupid bar." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "What am I -- a doctor?"
Marge Simpson responded "No, Bart. This note isn't about you."
Bart Simpson said: "How now, mad spirits, before we part / 'Tis I, mischievous and puckish Bart / 'Twas not I the players did disturb / 'Twas the doings of a green and naughty herb / The gods have righted every wrong / Cheech the stoner has his Chong!"
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Ketchup, catsup... ketchup, catsup... ketchup, catsup... Ugh. I'm in way over my head."
"Sorry, but the punishment stands." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Yoo hoo, Mr. Robot..."
Bart Simpson said "Not that stupid stuffed lamb again. This isn't learning!"
Lisa Simpson answered: "Aren't they beautiful?"
Homer Simpson said: "Oh, it just needs a little love."
"Wake up!", Marge Simpson answered.
"I love you kids with all my heart, but dammit, I need something for myself!" Marge Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders said: "Uh, I'd like to hear from Sideshow Mel."
Marge Simpson said: "Homer! Homer, those legs belong to the man behind you."
Marge Simpson answered "I thought you were playing catch with Artie."
Bart Simpson responded: "But we had so much fun on that bike!"
Marge Simpson responded "You know, some women find bald men quite virile."
"Two hundred and fifty dollars! But I need that album to honor the memory of Bleeding Gums Murphy." Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "I need to purchase a brassiere. You kids wait over here in the credit department."
Homer Simpson answered: "Take me home."
Bart Simpson said "You better stick your head in and see what's going on."
Bart Simpson answered: "Refresh my memory. These dweebs are with us why?"
"Oh, General Gao... you were a bloodthirsty foe, but your chicken is delectable." C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Ms. Cantwell?" Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "Touchdown, Simpson! The boy nobody wanted just won the Superbowl!!!"
"Or is it?", Bart Simpson answered.
"Actually, I was wondering if you could make me a grilled cheese sandwich?", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "And if he runs away, he'll be easy to catch."
"Well until that day, I'm still Bart's mother, and I don't like him stuffing himself with junk.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Stop it! The more you rock, the angrier I get!"
"What?!" Marge Simpson said.
"Unless you're a man.", Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "Mom, why are you so worried about money?"
Marge Simpson answered "Upward Bound: The toughest behavioral modification camp in Northwest Oregon."
"Not today, old friend. But don't worry, holidays are just around the corner." Moe Szyslak answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "And we salute you for it. Now don't come back."
Bart Simpson said "So has Sinatra."
"NOT BAD FOR A MOVIE DOG.", Bart Simpson answered.
"This town cared more for a soulless piece of granite than for me! I don't have a friend in the world." C. Montgomery Burns said.
Bart Simpson said: "HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA."
Lisa Simpson replied: "My third husband bought me this."
"Why should America consume ninety percent of the world's resources? Argentina must devalue her currency to pay her debts!", Homer Simpson said.
"You know when your dog's havin' a bad dream? That's who I pray to.", Moe Szyslak responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Are you sure it's safe?"
Lisa Simpson responded "I'm an ugmo."
"Sir, thank you for saving us. Do you want to come in for coffee?", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "Oh no! Pirates!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "Now, Bart!"
Homer Simpson said "My friends! Stop!"
Marge Simpson responded: "Well, with all that you folks have experienced, I think we could enjoy listening to a little of your wisdom."
Marge Simpson replied "Buck, Tabitha, welcome. We'll start your first marriage counseling session as soon as Homer gets here."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Hmm, how about feature columnist?"
"Homer, get ready!" Marge Simpson replied.
"Young man, I can assure you my posterior is nothing more than flesh, bone, and that metal plate I got in 'Nam.", Seymour Skinner replied.
"Woo hoo!", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "Six feet by eight?"
"I guess this is the end, Wendell.", Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "She is not!"
Marge Simpson responded "Maggie's not a baby! Her soft spot's been skulled over for the last three months! Being a mom is who I am, and I'm not done being who I am."
Homer Simpson said: "Why did she stay with me if she hated me so much? Hey, two days later she had a doctor's appointment."
"I found a place that really wants to teach me, and I really want to learn.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Well, now it's time for the best kind of bonding -- sitting next to each other in silence, staring blankly at the TV."
"One drink won't hurt.", Homer Simpson answered.
"No. Just a picture of Lisa. Who wants to be nothing like me.", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "Um-um."
"Come to bed, Marge.", Homer Simpson responded.
"My tennis stick!", Homer Simpson answered.
"You won't know how they'll strike -- a boating accident...", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Springfield is rife with the seven deadly sins! Starting with... GLUTTONY!", Ned Flanders answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "Ewwww."
"Bart! Look at this!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Hm, I don't know -- kernels are kind of big." Homer Simpson said.
"Greenhorns! Who's a greenhorn? What's a greenhorn?" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "There's only three left in the world!"
C. Montgomery Burns said "Patience, Monty. Climb the ladder."
"... iffic management!" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "Yeah, it's a tissue... covered in blood and boogers!"
Homer Simpson responded "You wish, loser!"
Bart Simpson responded "Hey, I didn't do anything! Yet."
Marge Simpson responded "You told me about that candy bar you found three times!"
Homer Simpson responded "Well, I've saved you one last prize from the Cracker Jack box that is my brain. Use it as you will."
"You're a machine, Homer." Bart Simpson answered.
"Dammit! Okay, don't panic. I can build one of those things from the crap in my desk.", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "I've got a man down! Well, not a man. A very special boy."
Homer Simpson answered: "Listen, I worked long and hard for this place. And no one's going to take it away from me. Not you, not its rightful owner, not anybody."
"Oh, this is very good for me. Very good indeed.", Moe Szyslak responded.
"You know I would never do anything to hurt your feelings. Good night." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Hm, now without lettuce."
Homer Simpson replied "Ooo, scary newspaper. Don't hurt me, horoscope. I'm afraid of..."
"Bart, I'm going to get you..." Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "Mr. Brockman, you're a huge hit!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Please! Let me have it! Come on! Give it to me right in the mouth!"
Bart Simpson answered "I love you too, Dad."
"All your money and all your stuff.", Homer Simpson responded.
"And that's the end of that chapter.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "They won't let you have any fun."
Bart Simpson: "Hm, I'm not feelin' it."
Ned Flanders responded "Well sir, just apply a smidgen of peanut butter to an ordinary pine cone and you got yourself a makeshift bird feeder, sir."
"I didn't make this terrible model... my dad did." Bart Simpson replied.
"Marge, are you all right?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Wow. Anyway, you don't think he could be at another bar, do you? Because I couldn't take that! I... uh... I-I just couldn't! I..." Moe Szyslak said.
"No!", Marge Simpson replied.
"Has anyone seen Homer?", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "POST OFFICE BOX 3-0-4-5-2..."
Seymour Skinner answered: "Yes, about that. Mother's neck wattle got caught in a zipper. I've got a long night of boo-boo kissing ahead of me but don't worry, I got you these store-bought apples instead."
Marge Simpson answered: "Why aren't we ascending into Heaven?"
"Woo-hoo!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Missed me! Stupid horoscope!", Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Thank you so much for visiting our plant, Dr. Kissinger."
"You want an alien? This is your alien!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Bart, tell Dad I'll only pass the syrup if it won't be used on any meat product.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "The same place Eskimos hide from penguins."
Homer Simpson responded: "I need it now!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Don't worry about a thing, honey. I'm gonna help you through this."
Moe Szyslak replied: "Or a frustrated novelist!"
Lisa Simpson responded "Who are they?"
Ned Flanders replied: "Do I! No I don't. But I can have 'em here by Tuesday."
"Uh, hey driver, could you put on a song about California or Los Angeles?" Moe Szyslak responded.
"Five hundred thousand dollars. I spit on his five hundred thousand dollars." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "Look, Lis! I'm as supple as ever!"
"Scary talented. And I'm gonna make sure the parole board knows it.", Marge Simpson responded.
"See? That's where my memory stops. Who the heck is that guy?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Cursive writing. I'm learning cursive. All these sentences have every letter of the alphabet in them." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Well, you were unlucky, but there are a lot of good men out there.", Marge Simpson said.
"Hi, Dad! / Homer.", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "You'll be like an owl saying Milhouse who? Milhouse who? Milhouse whooo?"
"Ah, cool, man. Space Mutants 4. Drop me off! Drop me off!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Mardi Gras, eh? Didn't last year's king have to abdicate because he married a commoner?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Hey, there's a new Mexico.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Marge, calm down. For as long as there's been baking, there's been erotic baking. It fills a need, and harms no one.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Keep your pants on, Flanders! I'm wishing as fast as I can!"
"The other critics told me to be mean. And you should always give in to peer pressure.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Not very well." Lisa Simpson replied.
"So you and Mom aren't married? Does that mean I'm a bastard?", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "Got that right."
"He made fun of my weight.", Homer Simpson said.
"You expect me to believe all this? If any of it was true, wouldn't I have a big, hideous scar..." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Well that's it, I'm retiring from the opera. It's just too popular."
"Hey Lenny, when are you gonna wise up? Carl never wants to see us again! I'm done talkin' to you!" Moe Szyslak answered.
Bart Simpson responded "Man, what's gotten into you?"
"Okay, I think he's gone." Homer Simpson replied.
"Promise not to laugh? I always wanted to own the Dallas Cowboys.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "Good, good, that feels good."
Bart Simpson answered: "Amen! We're done!"
"Wha?" Ned Flanders said.
"Excuse us, Rabbi Krustofsky?" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "It's you! You're him! You're Tony Randall!"
Homer Simpson answered "Marge, you've been out there all morning."
"I'm not really about gum. But I like the whole chewing thing..." Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "What's that paper?"
"A buncha stupid cables.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Like a light bulb!" Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "Hmm, interesting."
Lisa Simpson said "Can't get enough."
Bart Simpson responded: "Come on! Look at me, I'm cool. I've got my backpack on frontwards, and I'm krumping!"
"Lis, I think I'm having a midlife crisis." Bart Simpson answered.
"B-E-D -- BED!" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "MAX POWER / HE'S THE MAN / WHOSE NAME YOU'D LOVE TO TOUCH / BUT YOU MUSTN'T TOUCH / HIS NAME SOUNDS GOOD IN YOUR EAR / BUT WHEN YOU SAY IT, YOU MUSTN'T FEAR / 'CAUSE HIS NAME CAN BE SAID BY ANYONE..."
Bart Simpson said "I say bury her before she starts to smell."
"You'll be condemning this town to a life of obesity and diabetes!", Marge Simpson responded.
"Do I have to?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Arrowheads!", Bart Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak replied: "Hey, hey! Are you a loan shark? Do you understand how finance works? Now let's do this thing."
"Aww. There, there, boy. I'll help you get him back. He may have been a dirty, stinkin' coward, but show me a Simpson that isn't.", Homer Simpson answered.
"This benefit concert is gonna be Scooby Dooby.", Bart Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner answered "I'll take that."
"What is it Unky Herb?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "And I think it's the best idea I've ever had! We're picking up the weirdo, and that's final."
Lisa Simpson replied: "But it's nine digits now. What's the point of these other four numbers?"
Marge Simpson answered: "Careful of the apple pie on the seat."
"Hello, everyone. You know, Halloween is a very strange holiday. Personally, I don't understand it. Kids worshiping ghosts, pretending to be devils... things on T.V. that are completely inappropriate for younger viewers. Things like the following half hour. Nothing seems to bother my kids, but tonight's show, which I totally wash my hands of, is really scary, so if you have sensitive children, maybe you should tuck them into bed early tonight, instead of writing us angry letters tomorrow. Thanks for your attention." Marge Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "That means you're terrible!"
Lisa Simpson: "I love you, Mom!"
"An Angelica Button wizard robe... with wand pocket!", Lisa Simpson said.
"Who's that?" Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "Remarkable -- there doesn't seem to be any damage at all. It just goes to show you that everything will work out if you have faith."
"Paddles down! It's the only way to change the system!", Homer Simpson answered.
"And kids, you're gonna miss the school bus!", Marge Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Why, what did you think I was going to do -- have you beaten to a bloody pulp?"
Marge Simpson said: "Okay, then you can take Lisa to Dr. Hibbert's."
Lisa Simpson said "Oh my God!"
"THEY NEVER LET POOR RUDOLPH / JOIN IN ANY REINDEER GAMES...", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Now what are you gonna do? You can't shoot all of us."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Sideshow Bob!"
"Oh, please. I didn't say that for clapping.", Marge Simpson said.
"Should we inform the Chief?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Well, we could use the extra money... and this house is falling apart." Marge Simpson responded.
"He's taking on Mean Man Monty! Go get him, Honest Abe!", Homer Simpson responded.
"... and you may get a compliment from an attractive co-worker! Lenny?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Plus he'll work for scale." Lisa Simpson replied.
"We'll lose the first kajillion to taxes." Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Well, well, if it isn't my favorite employee and his spouse. And these must be children. Have a ginger root."
"We can't jump this ditch." Lisa Simpson responded.
"I don't know -- the back yard?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Come on, we'll have a blast. Kids, while we're out, the TV's in charge. Go to bed when it says.", Homer Simpson responded.
"You already promised you would.", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "Yes! Enjoy!"
Marge Simpson answered "Is one of the side effects of fracking earthquakes?"
"Expensive toys for grownups they don't open or play with." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Daddy made it for your dance recital, honey!"
Homer Simpson: "Now have me sleeping under a cactus!"
Homer Simpson said "Wow, a booth. If I'm tired, I can just lie down!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Well, leaving right now will become a special memory for me."
Homer Simpson: "Mm-hm."
Bart Simpson replied "HEY BIG MAN / DON'T WANT NO TROUBLE / I'M JUST HERE TO DO THE SUPER BOWL... SHUFFLE..."
"Children! Stand down!" Seymour Skinner responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Okay, I need the stupid lamb back."
"Hey, Lis, check out this space age toothbrush.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Hey Homer, writing a new Christmas carol?" Ned Flanders said.
Bart Simpson said "Taking over the school. With all the kids inside!"
Moe Szyslak said "Hey, Homer. Ah, no, no, no, don't sit there. Take this seat, right next to the tap."
"Phew, good.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "He brought home your homework when you were sick."
"Honey, I've got some bad news for you.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Lord, I'm not turning my back on You. I just need to find a temple that's free of corruption." Lisa Simpson responded.
"When I fall asleep, Mr. Bergstrom is the last thing I think of, and he's my first thought when I wake up." Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "Look out, Ralph!"
Ned Flanders said: "Uh-huh, but we'd love to have you on board."
Moe Szyslak answered "Hey! Hey, what's it doin' there? It was supposed to be on the railroad tracks -- no, I mean... the parking lot."
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh my God! He's enjoying it!"
"My bees?" Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Oh, you think he's for me! You know, the orphan is for my folks -- they can't have more kids. It is so sad -- a real-life Jaws bit off my dad's wiener."
Homer Simpson answered: "Look what Maggie got!"
"Oh c'mon, now you're a tree?", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "You haven't seen the real Homer. It's all burping and neglect."
Lisa Simpson answered "I'm sorry I called you a baboon, Dad."
Bart Simpson responded "You're my mother! How can you say that?"
Homer Simpson replied "Perfect."
Bart Simpson replied "No, no, no. You're too young to be a witch. Savor the steps leading up to it: college anorexic, string of bad marriages, career disappointments, failed pottery shop. And then when you're old and alone, you can hit the witch thing hard."
Homer Simpson answered: "Bart, stop squeaking your chair!"
Lisa Simpson: "Mom, is this the one you want?"
"Woo hoo? Liberals? Woo hoo?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Huh?", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "Hey! You nearly hit me on the head!"
Bart Simpson replied "Will you help me with my project? I need to make a working model of the digestive system."
"Pain is the cleanser! Pain is the cleanser!", Ned Flanders responded.
"An invitation to our High School Reunion." Marge Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Ha!"
Homer Simpson responded "Bart, have you seen the letter?"
Lisa Simpson responded: "You did?"
"So, what shall we do tomorrow? Go grousing? Or if you'd rather stay home, you could sing while I accompany you on the clavichord." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Why don't I just put on a dress?!", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "I don't know... can I really betray my country? I say the pledge of allegiance every day."
Bart Simpson: "Seymour, Gary."
"Secondly, I want you to pack up and get out. I just bought this station -- and you're fired!" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Ned Flanders: "Yep. Now all we gotta do is turn that woman into a fella and that kiss into a game of Scrabble."
"No-No-NO-NO-NOOO!", Marge Simpson replied.
"Mmm... I love chenille, don't you?", Ned Flanders said.
"Heads up!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "We hate opera!"
"Congratulations! Welcome to the Homer Simpson Program." Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, it's no use. I'm never gonna find that tree. This whole raid was as useless as that yellow, lemon-shaped rock over there. Wait a minute! There's a lemon behind that rock.", Bart Simpson said.
"Uh... Homer?", Ned Flanders replied.
"WHAT KINDS OF KIDS EAT ARMOUR HOT DOGS?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Who's in the mood for miniature golf?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Hey, Doc. Where is everybody?"
Lisa Simpson answered "Dad, this might be one of those things you should go to the hospital for."
"No! It was heaven! My vision of heaven!", Seymour Skinner answered.
"Well, somebody go first." Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "I know. We had a fight, we were both tempted... we're human. The important thing is, we love each other."
Bart Simpson answered: "Settle down. I invited you guys here to help me with this report. Any ideas?"
Lisa Simpson said: "I can't believe you're not still popular."
"I made that hug happen!", Marge Simpson said.
"Oh, yeah." Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "You're gonna love meeting my friends."
Seymour Skinner responded "Like you for... Bart, if life has taught me one lesson repeatedly, it's to know when I'm beaten. Let's talk deal."
"I'm trying, Dad.", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "I'm sorry, but I love Homer."
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, isn't she great? Hail Queen Marge! Woo woo! Long live the Queen!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Why do you look like Cesar Romero?"
Bart Simpson answered: "You'll never get it out of me."
"Die, weapons, die!" Bart Simpson answered.
"All that happened is we got a little extra vacation, is that so bad!?", Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Then I guess you wouldn't mind eating one."
Marge Simpson responded: "Not hang out. Play date!"
Homer Simpson responded "Well don't be wrong in front of our son!"
"Bart, I forbid you to jump over that gorge." Bart Simpson replied.
"Whaaat?" Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "Oh, Mom, you're not supposed to throw rice anymore. Birds eat it, their stomachs swell and they explode."
C. Montgomery Burns said: "And a stunt like that impresses people?"
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Stroke, stroke, stroke!"
Homer Simpson said "I've got you now, boy."
"Yes, sir." Bart Simpson replied.
"Lisa, sweetie, I'm tired of being a pushover.", Marge Simpson said.
"What the?" Bart Simpson replied.
"Eh..." Moe Szyslak responded.
Bart Simpson said: "Fresh urine."
Bart Simpson replied: "Sorry, man. Be my guest."
"Look at you people. Bart's a tub, Lisa's weak as a little girl, and Maggie doesn't seem to be growing at all." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "Bulls-eye!"
Bart Simpson responded "The sandbox!"
Bart Simpson replied: "Jesus?"
"Sewing a new quilt. You know, it's one thing to be a link in a chain. It's another to start one of your own." Lisa Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns: "This public service announcement is over!"
Marge Simpson answered "Innocent?! After all I do for your father, he still doesn't trust me. I'm finished with him."
Marge Simpson answered: "Boys, you better come in the house. You don't want to get the sniffles."
Homer Simpson responded "Fine! I'll finish it myself. And don't think I'm gonna screw it up, because I won't!"
Moe Szyslak answered: "I do! / Yeah! / You know it! / Oh boy!"
"Washington Monument? Aren't you gonna even try?", Seymour Skinner answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Well, I'll get a lawyer on that. No, a whole team of lawyers. Who will dine on mustard flown in from the Orient."
"A-parent-who-waives-her-right-to-sue-says-what?" Seymour Skinner replied.
Bart Simpson replied "And?"
"Yeah, just keep laughing, it only makes him madder. Come on, Bart, start them off with the touch of death and go from there.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Let me show you how it works. This baby has every phone number in town programmed into it. It automatically calls them one by one and plays my message. Listen."
"Hey Mom, I'm friends with Milhouse again.", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "Homer, it's really coming down. Could you check on the boys?"
Lisa Simpson said: "It's not that easy, Bart. I... traded away my pearls! Without them, I'm just a big Maggie!"
"Actually, he's ten." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Whoo! I'm an animal!"
"Ned! I think we have a gas leak!", Marge Simpson said.
"I'm gonna do what I've done at every key point of my life: suck it in and smile.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Gimme those."
Lisa Simpson: "If you don't believe me, look at this book I found."
"Excuse me, where are your hamper lids?" Marge Simpson said.
"Get in!", Marge Simpson responded.
"All right. Pick your size, extra-small or extra-large. We've got both. No pushing now... I... What?... Oh. I've just been informed we've run out of extra-large." Seymour Skinner answered.
Homer Simpson said "As I got up in front of them, I felt an intoxication that had nothing to do with alcohol. It was the intoxication of being a public spectacle."
C. Montgomery Burns responded "D-- Oh, uh, constantly. When we're not being kicked out for our rowdy, youthful behavior! Eh, pally?"
"Earning us a hundred bucks a week, that's what. Except the Maine potatoes one. It's just a reminder to myself.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Ooh... And Miss? Just one more question --"
Lisa Simpson replied "That's right. It was I."
"If you search her room, I am certain you will find the money." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Exactly. Now, what has two ears but can't hear?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Boy, that sounds fun." Marge Simpson said.
"Whooop de-doo, Mr. Florist! Whoop de-doo, Mr. Physical Trainer! Whoop-de-doo, Mr. President!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Bart Simpson answered "Don't player hate. I'm just a businessboy."
"All right, that's the last straw. It's time to take out the trash. But first, I'm going to have to ask you to leave.", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson: "Well, okay."
Homer Simpson replied: "Hmmm."
"Oh yeah, the costume." Homer Simpson responded.
"Yes, kids will get candy, whatever you say.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Gimme a hundred Lotto tickets, Apu. Because Mr. X is on a roll."
"Mr. and Mrs. Simpson, Bart has been very sad lately." Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson: "Oh, that's a hobby!"
"It's so noisy in here! I can't hear the ad telling everyone to be quiet!" Marge Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Ah, Simpson, you big virile son-of-a- gun. How would you like a check for two-thousand dollars?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Okay, I'll stop."
"Feh. Guh. Pffoy." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"But I do feel bad about the starving children..." Marge Simpson said.
"Woo-hoo! A perfect day -- zero bears, and one big fat hairy paycheck!", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Mrs. K., I'm here to spring you."
"Oh, this is gonna be so great.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "Well, we respect you."
Homer Simpson answered "Uh, kind of. Nobody makes a big deal out of Valentine's Day."
"Ooh, someone's coming!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Well, hello.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "Cool!"
Marge Simpson responded "Well, they will."
Homer Simpson replied: "How can you do this, Marge? How can you desert your children?"
Lisa Simpson replied: "By your logic, I could claim that this rock keeps tigers away."
Ned Flanders said: "Well, neighborinos, I guess this is goodbye... I better make this quick or I'm gonna start blubbering like a baby."
"The world has turned has it not my tin-plated friend? Look at you -- you, who were once so proud -- Feel the wrath of the left hand of Burns!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"You're asking the wrong guy, Milhouse. They all look alike to me. Now let's go whip donuts at old people" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Okay, Plan B. Fellow 9-3-9'ers, I say we break off and form our own city!"
Bart Simpson replied: "Throw the book at him, Sonny."
"Uh, Mom? Looks like someone beat you to it." Bart Simpson said.
"Well I never, ever want to see that again." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "You can tell by the way the pie tin sits on his face that he's very good looking."
Homer Simpson responded "Marge, can you take my ball to Nick's today? A bottle cap got lodged in the finger hole."
"Fine. I'll play outside.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "But I always get A's. At my old school, I got so many A's, the teachers didn't even check my work."
Homer Simpson answered "Look, Maggie's in the paper with Moe. How cute."
Homer Simpson answered "You know -- it had that painting of that lady and the monster on the ceiling."
"Oh Homie, I could never remarry...", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "So, I got your note saying you wanted to meet here to apologize."
Lisa Simpson responded: "I can't."
Bart Simpson answered: "That's a crud rock. It belongs in crud town."
"I don't know, compliment his glasses." Marge Simpson replied.
"LET THEM RUCK THE NIGHT AWAY!" Homer Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders responded: "All right. It's true. I am a murderer. I over-watered Maude's favorite ficus plant, I panicked, and then I buried the remains. I was hoping to replace it before you got home."
"Hold on, I'll check. Ah, is, I.P. Freely here? Hey everybody, I.P. Freely?", Moe Szyslak replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "...so without my beloved nuclear plant, I have nothing to live for."
"Uh, now children, if you have to answer nature's call during the night, use this bucket next to Bart's head." Seymour Skinner responded.
"My cake!", Marge Simpson replied.
"Well, it sounds really exciting and you're a delightful young lady. Now if you'll excuse me..." Homer Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak said: "Hey, Homer, ain't that your kid on TV?"
"Get off me, you little... nerd!" Marge Simpson replied.
"Eye of the Tiger, Bart. Eye of the--", Bart Simpson replied.
"Go, go, go!", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Do you ever wonder if there are donut shops on other planets?"
Homer Simpson responded: "See ya, kids. Me and my Val-U-Qual book are gonna paint the town red... with savings! I'll start with a couple of pizzas, then a complimentary tango lesson and I'll cap it off with a smooth, refreshing colonic."
"Okay boy, drop the thumb..." Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh well, you'd be surprised." Marge Simpson responded.
"Ah... great toast, Marge. Hmmm. Oh, by the way, the night before the election Mr. Burns is coming over for dinner.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Marge, you being a cop makes you the man, which makes me the woman. And I have no interest in that, besides occasionally wearing the underwear, which, as we discussed, is strictly a comfort thing."
Homer Simpson said "Okay."
"Hey lame ass. Thanks to you, we're stuck on a stupid therapy boat.", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "Well, it's just easier this way."
"C'mon, get in there. Drop." Homer Simpson answered.
"Hm, I guess we'll have to find a new way to entertain ourselves." Marge Simpson replied.
"Why? What's wrong?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Fine, I admit it. I'm drunk!" Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders: "Oh, a little pokey, but things are gonna pick up."
"Okay, Flanders, you're the boss. Heh, heh, heh." Homer Simpson said.
"This is Montgomery Burns." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Dad, look! I did a round turn with two half hitches." Bart Simpson answered.
"Wouldn't that mean squealing on other kids?", Bart Simpson answered.
"That pig looks like Lenny.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Or isn't there not?", Bart Simpson answered.
"I wrote this for you, Dad." Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "What the heck is that?"
Homer Simpson replied: "What about now?"
Homer Simpson said "I'll tell you why."
Lisa Simpson: "Just ask those guys for directions."
"Oh Ma-arge, we have a surpri-ise! Come to the win-dow! And look down at the stre-et!", Homer Simpson replied.
"I got one for just watching the game.", Lisa Simpson said.
"WHEN THE JAZZMAN'S TESTI-FYIN' A FAITHLESS MAN BELIEVES / HE CAN SING YOU INTO PARADISE / OR BRING YOU TO YOUR KNEES / JAZZMAN, OH JAZZMAN..." Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "... Dad."
"Stan Lee came back?", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Okay. What can I do for you? Please, I'm begging you!"
Marge Simpson said "Homer, Maggie has to wear that clown mask for Halloween. What's going on?"
"Uh... Excuse me, Mr. Burns?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Real." Homer Simpson said.
"Look, there's the Imperial Gardens... the Meiji shrine... the Hello Kitty factory..." Lisa Simpson said.
"Baby.", Homer Simpson replied.
"No.", Marge Simpson said.
"Well, it's a quick job, but it's shelter." Homer Simpson responded.
"Homer! Bart, you did a very cruel thing.", Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Dad! Maggie's rolling away!"
"Oh no! Somebody took my bike?! Mom, I need a ride to school." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Tricks? Ha! That's rich. He's so inbred he can barely stand up.", Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Woo hoo! Can you focus on my shoulders -- that's where I carry my stress."
"I guess we've learned that happiness is wherever you find it.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "For a casual acquaintance like you? Absolutely."
"Mom, can you tell me the story of how I got my saxophone and not have it turn into a story about Bart!" Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "What a kind yet oddly ominous thing to say. Now I've got to get ready for the finals."
"It was the one night of every year that he never heard his parents argue. He figured it was because they loved the fireworks just as much as he did.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Goorsha!", Lisa Simpson said.
"I'm sorry, Dad. I just find that very cute.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "...Radioactive Man!!!"
Homer Simpson responded "Oh, these things are heavy."
C. Montgomery Burns: "Actually, I was wondering if you'd join me. My treat."
Homer Simpson said: "Kids-here's-fifty-dollars-Why-not-go-to-the-movies-then-take-a-cab-to-your-Aunts'-house-Stay-there-Phone-call-you-later-Now-Now-Now."
"No, those people are all gristle. I want this jar open." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Come on, Nessie. One more pull."
"I'll figure it out. I'm gonna use all the power of my brain." Homer Simpson answered.
"Hmm, it smells like concerts!", Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh, all those stairs...", Homer Simpson replied.
"Now, people have accused this family of not loving our country. But you can't spell U.S.A. without us... eh?", Homer Simpson said.
"Well, I guess every boy should see his father as a hero." Marge Simpson answered.
"Is it possible to get a green spotlight?", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "What is Sideshow Bob doing with --"
"Good for you, Mrs. K!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Brunch is served!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Ah. Oliver North. He was just poured into that uniform."
Bart Simpson replied "Hey, guys! This butt's for you!"
"...minus the number of Filipinos in the Bible...And you get...", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Oh Mom, I'm so happy! I never want to let you go!"
"Homer...", Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "What are you doing?!"
"Will I ever see you again?", Lisa Simpson said.
"Y'money's on the counter. No tip." Moe Szyslak said.
Bart Simpson responded "No way! They're finally having some fun!"
Homer Simpson: "If we give up our dental plan, I'll have to pay for Lisa's braces."
"Yeah, I'm gonna turn off the lights now." Homer Simpson said.
"Hey, we got a pool!" Bart Simpson said.
"Nunchucks.", Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Really? Anything good?"
"Ohhh!" Marge Simpson responded.
"Cool.", Bart Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders answered: "I love you, too. And I always will. But unlike the Bible, I guess this isn't gonna have a happy ending."
"Ooh, that looks scrum-diddly-doodly-duddly --" Ned Flanders replied.
"Yeah, yeah, I'm okay. There's just somethin' I gotta do." Moe Szyslak said.
"I want you all to show some respect for the people who made you what you are. Sign an autograph or two... support a charity for something that hasn't happened to a member of your family... let one of us regular guys write a terrible children's book!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Here's a dollar."
"Argh! I gotta find something else quick!", Bart Simpson responded.
"All bye-bye.", Seymour Skinner answered.
Seymour Skinner said "The sheer contempt demonstrated by this incident makes me wish I could pull the trusty board of education out of retirement."
"Yeah, the only reason you haven't been fired is because your file here was holdin' up a sofa that was missin' a leg." Moe Szyslak said.
Bart Simpson answered: "What the--"
"Just admit who you are, and you can find new love." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "TIME THE CAMERAS JUST RIGHT,"
"Ahhh, look at the little eels. Electric eels!" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "She's such a butthole."
"I don't care what Apu was in a past life. In this life, he's a blabbermouth!", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "And no matter what happens, I'll never forget the advice you gave me."
Marge Simpson responded: "Grampa?"
"Here you go. Official Whacking Day parking. Ten dollars per axle.", Homer Simpson said.
"C'mon guys, look at yourselves. All you do is study. I'm gonna show you the true meaning of college!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Well, we could live with a stopped-up drain."
Homer Simpson replied: "We found a new home! When God shuts a door, he opens a window."
"I didn't do anything." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Uh, listen, boy... maybe you should spend more time with your old best friend. You know, Dweebler."
Homer Simpson said "A tramp steamer! That's perfect!"
"Okay, we're gonna take turns having Grampa as a roommate. Who wants to go first?" Marge Simpson responded.
"For the third time this year, yes!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Yeah, well you love Moleman." Bart Simpson replied.
"Don't worry your spiky little head. I've got it all planned out.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Because your seat was behind mine!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Happier!"
Seymour Skinner responded "I'll get it. Talk to me."
Marge Simpson responded: "Lisa, don't sulk. You're on the Jumbotron."
Homer Simpson replied: "I'll take that bet."
Bart Simpson said "It can read your electronic organizer from space."
"Bart, your father and I don't want you doing that. Homer, say something.", Marge Simpson said.
"I'm Marge Simpson." Marge Simpson said.
"Oh.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "Are you sure?"
"Sleep tight, my beloved. You're my ticket out of this hellhole." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "I bet you don't know this one. How'd you like a Hertz Donut?"
Marge Simpson said "They will be! Ready, bullies?"
Bart Simpson responded "Uh -- Mrs. K! Hey, it's Saturday! Your powers are useless against me."
Seymour Skinner answered "Well done."
"See? It was all your imagination." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Cray-on."
Lisa Simpson replied "The basis of this game seems to be simple geometry. All you have to do is hit the ball here."
"I stand here to expose the criminal ineptitude of Homer J. Simpson. Again and again he has brought this town to the brink of annihilation.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Hmm, well, they are good ones." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Svetlana! Svetlana!"
Bart Simpson answered "Hello, Bigger Brothers? My name is Bart Simpson and I don't have a father."
Bart Simpson replied "I know this music! It was a Bugs Bunny!"
"Well, what if Marge tries to call while I'm talking to you?" Homer Simpson answered.
"What if I never liked the painting, and only wanted it for money?" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "Helloooo, Mr. Bush!"
Homer Simpson: "Okay, okay, don't panic. To find Flanders, I just have to think like Flanders!"
"You're all bald!" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "That was cool. Think I'll stick around. We've got everything we need right here. Good times, sunshine, free love..."
"What he said." Bart Simpson responded.
"Froggie, I'm home." Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said "I know it's hard to accept, Bart, but face it: Sideshow Bob has changed."
"Now I have learned that most of the orchestra is having their appendixes removed. So without further ado, I give you the remnants of the Springfield Elementary School Orchestra." Seymour Skinner said.
"Whew." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "Very well. There must be dozens of great locations in this town. Don't you worry about me."
Marge Simpson responded: "Why, if it isn't Jimbo, Dorf and Ernie."
Bart Simpson replied: "When you want grease, go to the source: good old Krusty Burger."
"You tricked us!" Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "Well, I'd hate to tell the number one cop in town how to do his job."
Moe Szyslak said: "Homer, we've got an enemy sub closing in fast. What do we do?"
Homer Simpson responded "Hey, Chief. I uh, brought a thirty-two piece chicken bucket."
"I signed you up for the Ten-And-Below Talent Show next week!", Marge Simpson responded.
"You mean I should fight dirty, Dad?" Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "Mm, if you'd just apologize to Louie, you could get your hair cut the way you want."
"Well, let's get eatin'." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "So, how you doin'? Stayin' out of trouble?"
Homer Simpson said: "Well, I'll make sure you never imagine anything again."
Homer Simpson answered: "Why all the pearls? Why all the hair? Why anything?"
Homer Simpson responded "But kids, I want you in bed by three a.m."
"Nobody respects me at work." Homer Simpson replied.
"We'll die together, like a father and son should.", Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "You're suspended without pay! Take your clacking balls and go."
"Oh boy. The deep fryer's here.", Moe Szyslak said.
"Uh, that's a post-dated check, remember. Don't cash it 'til the year ten thousand." Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "But he won! Why don't you kill the loser cows?"
Marge Simpson: "Well, he would eat all the time. We'd be making love, and he'd have a mouth full of Hershey's Miniatures."
"Listen, boy, this is a great invention! Watch.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Sheltering myself with a large piece of sheet metal, I ran for cover under the tallest tree I could find.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Y'ello?" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Or what? You'll release the dogs? Or the bees? Or the dogs with bees in their mouths, and when they bark, they shoot bees at you? Well go ahead, do your worst."
Bart Simpson said: "Too slow!"
Homer Simpson said "I was ashamed, Marge. I failed you as a husband and a provider, and at best, I was a B-plus dog. I'll understand if you want to sleep on the couch tonight."
"Mom's right, Dad. The odds against you winning are a thousand to one." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Put him down, boy! Put him down!" Bart Simpson answered.
"That motion-capture suit is just what this country needs. Just think of all the hilarious motions that are going uncaptured. Like this..." Homer Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders said "You want me to deliver the Christmas sermon? I feel like I'm born again again!"
"I'm smarter than the de-vil! I'm smarter than the dev-" Homer Simpson replied.
"You didn't crucify him?", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "Oh, there's gotta be something to do around here. Hey, are they pulling the plug on anybody today?"
"Sure.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "Whoa! Assassins!"
"Mmm, that'd be great." Seymour Skinner said.
Lisa Simpson replied "Yes. Yes you were. Now, in conclusion, my administration will focus on the three R's: Reading, 'Riting and Refilling the ocean. Thank you very much."
Homer Simpson said: "SO GOODBYE..."
"Let me just say this once: I'm good.", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "That's your outlaw?"
"Should Maggie be going with them, Mom?", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "I did not pay seven ninety-nine for an app so I could use the English option."
Homer Simpson answered "Well, if Alec is out, I'm out too. You're on your own, Potsie."
"WE BUILT THIS CITY / ON ROCK ANNND ROLL! Uh-oh." Homer Simpson answered.
"It's a medical condition!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Ahhh!! Stop it! You're blinding me! No, I can't see!", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Max Power??"
Homer Simpson responded: "No! Don't tell Marge! I'll be good. I'll be good!"
Homer Simpson responded "Yeah, even with all his problems, he's still willing to do something unbelievably dangerous just to entertain his fans."
Bart Simpson: "Hey, Dad."
"Lousy. I gotta go to Vermont for some stupid poetry thing." Homer Simpson responded.
"Hello, I am Montgomery Burns." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Marge Simpson said: "He's eating my beauty!"
"And your car antenna has been straightened and re-balled." Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "Dad, it just kinda happened. You're taking this too hard."
Lisa Simpson answered: "First of all, congratulations on getting the lead."
Lisa Simpson said: "Ew! How'd you get a name like that?"
"What?!", Bart Simpson answered.
"No, no, no, don't say. Otherwise it won't come true.", Ned Flanders said.
"I could've been the flower girl. And I wouldn't keep falling down either." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Why didn't I take a picture? I had ten years to take a picture." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "A chimp!"
Bart Simpson replied: "Hey, Swiss Miss. There's no missin' you, babe. Heh, heh. Lay off the cocoa."
Homer Simpson replied: "Could you dumb it down a shade?"
Bart Simpson said: "Why, I didn't even notice!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Well... okay. If it'll end horror."
"You're mutants?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Hm... where's Lenny and Carl?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Marge?!", Homer Simpson said.
"No! Irish and Long Island!", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "Da-ad! Lisa's my little sister!"
"Milhouse, bust out four of our finest juice boxes.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Hel-lo. Look at me, I'm Davey Crockett." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Moe Szyslak answered "Hey, how 'bout we open a fancy restaurant, and when people check their hats and coats, we steal 'em?"
"Woo-hoo!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Tortureland, Explosion Land, Searing Gas Pain Land, Unnecessary Surgery Land...", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "I will. Oh Homie, of course I will."
Homer Simpson answered "No! No, no, no, no..."
"Yeah, come on, dum-dum, do something unintelligent, there.", Moe Szyslak responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "No, Dad, Krusty is our guest. Your pratfalls and Punchinello antics aren't necessary here."
"This is so cool. I feel like I'm back in the Renaissance." Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Bart, what's wrong?"
Marge Simpson responded: "Oh, Homer."
"That stunk worse than boiled cabbage." Bart Simpson answered.
"Forget it Kiki. You're not putting your brain into her body." Homer Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders said: "Oh, it'll be fun. We're gonna go through our old cancelled checks and receipts and give ourselves an audit. Make sure we don't owe anything extra."
C. Montgomery Burns replied "There, there. Smithers, this monkey's going to need most of your skin."
"Uh you know, Marge, I've really enjoyed you workin' at the bar.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"Poor Krusty.", Bart Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns: "Oh, so extortion is the name of your little game, is it Simpson? Very well. Then you get nothing. I have the finest lawyers in Springfield, Simpson. Tangle with me and I'll crush you like a paper cup."
Bart Simpson responded: "I don't even remember if Dylan's a boy or a girl."
Homer Simpson said "Well, no matter what the paper says, I still have a job to do."
"Point taken." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "You got that right."
Bart Simpson: "I'm gonna miss the whole summer."
"Don't worry, honey. We can't afford this now, but when it's time for college, I promise my darling daughter can go to the finest school there is." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Wait, wait! We still get one more letter!"
"Ow, my head... Oh. I need a beer.", Homer Simpson said.
"Wait a minute. How can you arrest Homer? This guy's the one what done the thing that why you're here for. I'm talkin' malfeasance here.", Moe Szyslak responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Ki-Ya Karate Monsters!"
"Coggily-doggily.", Ned Flanders said.
Marge Simpson replied: "I THINK YOU MOVE LIKE A YOUNG BARYSHNIKOV!"
"First Skinner, now you. Well, maybe you've got a point. Maybe we... ...a solid gold grandfather clock!" Moe Szyslak said.
"Just trying to fill the void of random, meaningless destruction that Bart's absence has left in our hearts." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Woo hoo!" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "Stop it, Homer! There's only one way to settle this -- in Simpson family court."
"You stopped being my Daddy as soon as you bet against me! All I have now is a mom, which is why I'm taking her maiden name! From now on, I'm..." Lisa Simpson replied.
"No.", Moe Szyslak responded.
Marge Simpson replied "Uh, I think you all owe my son an apology."
"Uh-hmm." Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh yes, Homer! Yes!"
"The answer is all around you." Marge Simpson answered.
"Hey, Homer, us hotheads here is gonna go tear down Burns' sun blockin' machine. You wanna come with?" Moe Szyslak answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "I gave you advice? Get outta here."
Marge Simpson responded "That was close."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "You too. This is a place of business, not a Peewee flop house!"
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Sounded large when I ordered it. I can't make hide nor hair of these metric booby-traps."
"Well, I'm not done yet. Principal Skinner said if I win the state finals, I can go to the Spell-lympics!", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Now, son, on your first day of school, I'd like to pass along the words of advice my father gave me..."
"You suck!", Bart Simpson answered.
"No, I'm not. And here's a picture that proves it." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "It's okay, it's okay. I can be out in eighteen months with good behavior."
"You know, the reason for the hat..." Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Four walls? I was thinking more of something in a two or three."
"Woo-hoo! If Marge becomes Auntie Ovenfresh, we'll meet all the food personalities...", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Well, you'd better not leave me and talk to your old friends all night."
"They let me sign checks with a stamp, Marge. A stamp!", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Good dog."
Homer Simpson replied "Everybody's looking at us, Marge."
Homer Simpson: "You might say that. My wife's gonna leave me 'cause she thinks I'm a pig."
"Oh no, you don't! I'm not going to let you trash Mr. Burns' yacht.", Marge Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner replied "... the following alternative sports will be offered: dodge-rock, volley-brick, and base-game."
"Oooh! Aaah! Ohhh!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "I'd sure hate to get a dozen crapweeds for Valentine's Day. I'd rather have candy."
Homer Simpson responded "Thank you."
"Well, how do we get to Branson?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"If you could do that, I'd make this place a shining beacon for the Lord." Ned Flanders answered.
"I know. It's weird to me too." Lisa Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak said: "Uh-huh."
Homer Simpson said "Go Away."
Ned Flanders responded: "Try 'er now, Marge."
"I know Carl did you wrong, but is destroying something he cares that much about really going to make you feel good?", Marge Simpson answered.
"Haw, haw. April Fool's! I've been keepin' that carton of milk next to the furnace for six weeks! Sucker!" Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, man." Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "Here you go, boy. Soup's on."
Marge Simpson answered "Homer, you had a head."
Marge Simpson answered: "Well, there you go."
"Hi, I'm trying to reduce light pollution.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner responded: "Pass."
Homer Simpson answered: "We... I... You come up with an excuse!"
"Halftime, Marge, halftime." Homer Simpson answered.
"Homie... every year this party gets a little bigger. I'm afraid it's growing out of hand.", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "Maybe. But if Duncan wins the Derby, he can spend the rest of his days as a stud."
Seymour Skinner replied "But now the ties are motionless. And those in back are virtually inaccessible! Well, it's a moot point, as I have only one tie to begin with. I believe I'll pass."
"Everyone in that live studio audience is dead now.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "So that's why I love drinking so much."
"Now, Marge, you can't blame all of Bart's problems on your one little speech. If anything turned him bad, it's that time you let him wear a bathing suit instead of underwear. And let's not forget your little speech..." Homer Simpson said.
"Only one of you monkeys wasn't caught with his sticky paw in my tin cup... Homer Simpson!", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Lisa Simpson: "Dad, our lives!"
"One of you ate tin cans, one of you ate health food. How you solved crimes I'll never know.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Fine, I'll never go back. Starting tomorrow. Today is Lenny's birthday and they're having ice cream cake." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "Okay, okay."
Marge Simpson answered: "Uh-huh, yeah. Here's your breakfast."
Homer Simpson said: "You know, honey, when I think of all the good times we've had together-- AAAGH!"
Lisa Simpson answered "You got all your equipment, Dad?"
Homer Simpson answered "Oh no you don't! I paid full price for this freak show. Now nourish the child within me! Nourish..."
Bart Simpson answered "Aw, geez, this place used to be crawling with Russian subs. Now there's just four."
Homer Simpson said: "Five hundred dollars! Forget it."
Marge Simpson replied: "Are you crazy?! I'm not going to be a surrogate mother."
Marge Simpson: "Who wants some Astro-lemonade?"
"Hey, how did they finger Charlie? Somebody musta ratted him out." Moe Szyslak answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Wait a minute, you have kids?! You can't have kids! Look at you!"
"Somethin' wrong with your legs?", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "Here you go. Enjoy."
Lisa Simpson replied "Um, excuse me, but I think her painting is very imaginative."
Homer Simpson responded "I don't understand. How does punishing them teach me a lesson?"
"I decided to put family over career." Seymour Skinner replied.
"What are you talking about?", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "He's got the measles. But we've got him on speakerphone!"
Homer Simpson responded: "They just leave the maple syrup on the table, huh? How about that? That's trust, huh?"
Lisa Simpson responded "I'm going to Dizzyland!"
"STOP THE RIDE!!!", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Do you get HBO?"
"I hear digging, but I don't hear chopping.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Yeah, don't worry. You'll get your three rounds!", Moe Szyslak responded.
"Moe's Tavern. Moe speaking.", Moe Szyslak said.
"Catholic schools are usually the most affordable private schools.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Sounds like another Pulitzer for me to polish." Bart Simpson answered.
"Whoa!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Home sweet home. Now to watch some TV." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "I'll take that."
"Sad.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Did she mention she was knocked up?"
Homer Simpson answered: "When Trent Steel bought me some."
"Wow, it's like you're readin' my mind, man.", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "No."
Lisa Simpson answered "Um... I just assumed?"
Homer Simpson answered "It's Raining Men!"
"Check it out. Principal Skinrash." Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "Three months ."
"Okilly-dokilly." Ned Flanders said.
"The story of my life. They get the popsicles, I get the sticks." Marge Simpson replied.
"Ah, 'tis like the singin' of the angels themselves.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "That giggle is none of my business. Or is it?"
"I got it!", Homer Simpson replied.
"This looks like a job for a dad trying to win back his daughter's love!", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "Homer, just where were you planning to keep this horse?"
"A mother knows!", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "This is either about me, or steroids."
"While we're waiting for our pie, let's take a minute to remember Great Aunt Gladys.", Marge Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns said "Are you mad? I'm not made of airports! Get out!"
Homer Simpson said "How you doin'? So... is that your jacket on the back of that chair?"
"Stupid writers and actors, priced yourselves right out of the business. Nice going, geniuses." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "Ah, c'mon, Homer, there's lasers. You like lasers."
"Huh?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Jealous. Everybody ready?"
Bart Simpson answered "Amen."
Marge Simpson said "Am I cool, kids?"
"Hey, what happened to all the shirtless girls you see in all the geographical magazines?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Where's it from?", Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "How am I supposed to hallucinate with all these swirling colors distracting me?"
Homer Simpson responded "Boy, I can't wait to get my lips around an ice cold..."
Bart Simpson replied: "Oh, this is great stuff -- I can pad it out to ten pages. Goodnight, Grampa."
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Well, who is a model ... employee?"
"What are you reading, Homie?", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "Wha th...?"
C. Montgomery Burns said "Simpson, look what you've reduced me to."
Homer Simpson responded "Yeah, so...."
"Woo hoo!", Homer Simpson replied.
"What? Aren't we gonna see any washed-up major leaguers?" Bart Simpson said.
"Well, Marge, it was horrible. Everyone was against me in that jury room. But I stood by the courage of my convictions and I prevailed. And that's why we had Chinese food for lunch.", Homer Simpson said.
"Hey!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"First inventor: you, bus driver! Give us the gist of your terrible idea!", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Dad, it's a documentary on the homeless.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Oh, I'll get my prop trunk!", Seymour Skinner said.
"Hello, is this NASA?" Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "I meant because they both win all the time, Mom."
"Whoa, careful now. These are dangerous streets for us upper-lower-middle-class types... So avoid eye contact, watch your pocketbook and suspect everyone." Homer Simpson answered.
"What happened to my mini-pool table? I was training to be a mini-pool hustler.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "Clothing?"
"Crap.", Bart Simpson said.
"Oh Ma-arge! Want some com-pany? As always, silence means yes.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "I just want to relax and forget that I'm part of that thin blue line which stands between civilization and chaos ."
"For several years I'd been dating your mother and working at the local fun center." Homer Simpson responded.
"You know, someday these kids will be out of the house and you'll regret not spending more time with them.", Marge Simpson answered.
"That's right, sweetie. It always comes from corporate.", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Huh... wha-- Bart, it's six a.m."
Homer Simpson said "Well, forget it, guys. I am not Barney!"
"Hit refresh." Lisa Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Oh, well... a little dab of paint here, a little spackle there... how much could it possibly cost to fix this place up?"
"A homemaker! I might as well be dead!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Whoa, mama. Finally, some action!", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "I'm engaged to you, my love."
Marge Simpson answered "Did you get the job?"
"Bart just keeps spinning around and around and around. What's his angle?", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Thanks for letting us stay with you."
"Ooo, you don't want to get Zorro mad.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Oh, no you don't. Screw that touchy, queery crap! We'll take the harsh antacids. Nothing's too good for my little girl."
"Amble!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "Oh, it doesn't matter. Everyone's pretty much given up on me. I bet I won't even make it through fourth grade."
"Is that hail coming down?", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "Bo-ring. What's that fire for?"
"It's not an operation, Moe. The doctor says it's just a procedure.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Look, Maggie. I undid my deed. So I'm just gonna take your feather and say goodnight." Bart Simpson responded.
"I've had it for a long time. I was just about to throw it out, and then this happened." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "Homie! What if that was the last thing you ever said?"
"We have a new student, Lisa. And I want you to show her the works. The lunchroom, the tree...", Seymour Skinner said.
Moe Szyslak replied: "Why did I make this a loss leader?"
Marge Simpson: "Now Bart, isn't this the kind of religion you'd like to be a part of for all eternity?"
Lisa Simpson said "Oh really? The more you deny it, the more I know it's true."
Bart Simpson: "A chicken feather? Why would you hand this to me? Oh, you must've figured out I chickened out during the race! Well who are you to judge me?!"
"It's responsible for everything wrong in my life -- my occasional overeating, my fear of corpses..." Homer Simpson responded.
"Now, in a step I perhaps should have taken initially, let me look up the value of that bottle in this wine collector's guide.", Moe Szyslak responded.
"It's the man with the braces!", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "Hey, hey, hey! Easy there, you big impostor."
"You don't understand.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Wow, I can't believe we're in the audience of a pay-cable show!"
Lisa Simpson: "Oh, this is so embarrassing."
"I love you, Dad!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"You're gonna have to fix that roller coaster yourself, 'cause I quit... and I'm taking this with me!", Marge Simpson responded.
"How do you know I was sleeping?", Homer Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders replied: "Oh, you stupid son-of-a..."
"It's gone! We're too late!" Moe Szyslak replied.
Bart Simpson said "Da da da da da da de de de Whoa! Ugh, Cowabunga!"
Marge Simpson said: "I'm leaving this place, and you'd better step aside!"
Bart Simpson responded "I like you too, Dad."
"Ooh, my liver hurts.", Homer Simpson replied.
"I should be, I'm left-handed. I've been using my right hand all these years 'cause I didn't want to seem unusual in any way.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Cook all the tater tots! / There were too many tots! / And the teachers took them home in manila envelopes! / I hate you!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"One o'clock -- still just a potato.,one oclock -- still just a potato,7" Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Marge, without this outfit, I'm just Homer Simpson, multiple felon. With it, I'm a costumed hero like George Washington or Dame Edna."
"Look Maggie, I'm Wonder Woman.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Oh, I get it. These are those trick candles you can't blow out."
"My smoothie is a lumpy!", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Plead the fifth amend-what?"
Marge Simpson responded: "I don't want to be a wet blanket, but getting on a plane like that seems like a hassle coupled with a burden."
Homer Simpson answered "Slow down, fellas. I've got a way we can keep our legs, and still have a bright future."
"Marge, you deserve a wedding day that unlike our children, was planned in advance. So -- will you marry me -- in style?" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Mr. Teddy, can you ask Lisa if she's mad? What's that, Mr. Teddy? You're saying that you know women? And that when women say they're not mad, they're madder than ever?"
Marge Simpson: "Well, you can tell she's never had kids. Look how high and firm her breasts are."
"Ouch. You hang in there, beautiful.", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "Um... well... of course you did!"
"Mother..." Seymour Skinner responded.
Marge Simpson said: "I've never felt so flushed after watching public television."
"No one sent me. I just knocked on the door and it opened!", Lisa Simpson said.
"Relax. Hazelnut creamer covers all sins." Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "Well?"
"And?" Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Look at the bus! I was right, I tell ya! I was right!"
Homer Simpson: "We'll make it, Dad. On a wing and a prayer."
Moe Szyslak responded "Hey! Hey! Sabu! Ah, I need another magnum of your best champagne, here, uh? And bring us the finest food you got, stuffed with the second finest."
Bart Simpson answered: "Okay."
"I am the law. I hold the red pen.", Seymour Skinner replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Marge... kids... the things I saw. It makes me never wanna eat meat again..."
Homer Simpson answered "Wow, what an ending? Who'd have thought Darth Vader was Luke Skywalker's father."
"Well, what the heck. Who's ready to build an amusement park?" Ned Flanders responded.
"Uh-oh.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Well, I could help you..." Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "Homer, I'm a single mother trying to raise a family here."
Lisa Simpson said: "Bart, you're just like Chilly, the elf who cannot love."
"You better stay out of my dumpster." Moe Szyslak responded.
Marge Simpson replied "Homie, maybe we should wait."
"So what's so great about the Bill of Rights?" Bart Simpson said.
"Ohh, don't worry, sweetheart, I'll get us the money. Even if I have to get a second job." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "I don't need a brother... and no dream will convince me I do."
"Dr. Hibbert, Lisa needs a. You! Homewrecker!", Homer Simpson responded.
"But I don't wanna take care of the kids... Um... how many cigars are they allowed to have? Bart sleeps in the microwave, right?" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Tell her, Dad! You love Ultimate Punching even more than I do!"
Bart Simpson replied: "You've lost me."
C. Montgomery Burns: "Smithers, find me an artist."
"Aw, jeez." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "You sure love driving."
Homer Simpson answered "Look at that! I'm the first non- Brazilian person to travel backwards through time!"
Marge Simpson said "You mean, when they marry other people."
"Um...", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Get me tools and beer."
Marge Simpson said "Humph... where would an innocent child get the idea to attack her father with a mallet?"
"Okay, let's make a pact. This is gonna be the best vacation ever, or we all agree to disband and join other families.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Hm. Not as much money as there used to be."
"How 'bout that?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Stand aside, wussies.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Da-ad! V-chip, V-chip!", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Step two: snorkel the animals."
Ned Flanders: "I'm as real as the nose on your face."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Wave of da future!"
Lisa Simpson answered "Why are we waiting for Dad?"
"Hey Dad, there's an arcade across the street... and there's really no point in all of us waiting in line..." Bart Simpson replied.
"This entry's dated April 14th, 1860.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"You should try out, Dad. You have a funny voice.", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "C'mon, Ralph. Don't embarrass me. It's just an abandoned prison. All the murderers are long dead... and I'm sure their ghosts are probably in hell."
"I drove a car over a cliff once. How different could it be?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Ninety percent of the time, if the gas isn't pumping, this is your problem.", Marge Simpson replied.
"That's the highest point. And only fifteen minutes to go.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Goodbye, Adil. I'll send you those civil defense plans you wanted."
Bart Simpson said "There you go.. thanks for comin' out..."
"Sufferin' succotash! You can talk!" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Fellow barflies! To Ned Flanders and Edna Krabappel!"
"You're a monster!", Lisa Simpson replied.
"I wanna go read books in the car.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Really? Great!"
"Oh, that's better.", Ned Flanders said.
Bart Simpson answered "Target sighted. Launching air-to-nerd missile!"
"Gentlemen, the fort is complete and will stand forever." Bart Simpson said.
"Tumi? But you're from the other second grade. We only come together for tornado drills.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Now that is good Labneh." Bart Simpson replied.
"I didn't do it?", Bart Simpson answered.
"Wait... you've all plucked a peach from her tree?", Ned Flanders responded.
Homer Simpson: "Man, that keyboard playing cat is so cute."
"Grampa -- I can call you Grampa, can't I?" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"That is gonna drive me nuts." Marge Simpson replied.
"Lisa, this is outrageous! Explain yourself!", Seymour Skinner replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Uh-oh. You've gotta help me, Bart."
Homer Simpson responded: "Website."
Homer Simpson said: "Dad!"
"All this hunger for nothin'.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "They're singing! They're singing, Marge! Why aren't they killing each other?"
Bart Simpson responded: "Lis, you have to release that water. It's the only way to short out the fan."
"Look at that absorbativity! I've gotta tell someone...", Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "Do you think you're being nice enough to your sister, Bart?"
Marge Simpson replied "Here's your money."
Bart Simpson said: "My bike! My crappy, crappy bike."
"Ah, rats.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Homer, we're picking up cel phone calls over the baby monitor!" Marge Simpson replied.
"You're the greatest cow in the world! I'm gonna be your friend forever!" Bart Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders said: "C'mon, shoot! Shoot!"
Homer Simpson responded: "I know that!"
"If I'm more relaxed I'll be a better mom! Can we? Can we?", Marge Simpson responded.
"Hey, how 'bout one of those religions where you eat a human heart?" Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Well, I think volunteering is great. Deep down it makes you feel --"
"Aw, Homie, you'll always be my western hero.", Marge Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "HEY DON'T YOU REMEMBER / THEY CALLED ME AL / IT WAS AL ALL THE TIME / HEY DON'T YOU REMEMBER / I'M YOUR PAL / BUDDY, CAN'T YOU SPARE A DIME."
"It's too early to call shotgun!", Lisa Simpson said.
"No time." Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "No, no, they're wrong! The creature they seek is the walking undead. Nosferatu! Das Wampyre!"
"She blew it again! Woo-hoo!" Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "Don't worry, music theory's just a fancy word for music math."
Marge Simpson: "That's okay. I don't care that you don't care. Go watch your thing."
"Again? Homer, we have to ration the water carefully. It's our only hope.", Ned Flanders said.
Homer Simpson responded "Marge!"
Marge Simpson responded: "You know how I feel about hoaxes!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Boy, get down from there!"
Homer Simpson replied: "We can keep the shrimp de-veiner though, right?"
"No!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Eighth hole." Lisa Simpson responded.
"I miss Mary.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Look out! It's the Grumple!"
"Well, then we're gonna leave you one digit short.", Bart Simpson said.
"Janey, I'm about ready to chuck the whole stinking alphabet.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "No, Homer."
"Will you shut up? I can't hear the song in my head!", Homer Simpson answered.
"We'll do each other's nails, make some brownie sundaes, and watch the four saddest horse movies I could find.", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "I'm talking to... no one."
Bart Simpson answered: "Otto!"
"What a family.", Homer Simpson replied.
"What the?" Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Hi honey! How was your first day of school? Honey?"
Marge Simpson replied "Not air bites, real bites."
Seymour Skinner replied "What fun!"
"Thank you, Mr. Simpson.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Thank God I'm not in the shower!"
Homer Simpson said "Hmmm... The only problem is, I'm sure to retain some image of coming home and finding Duffman. No doubt I'll misconstrue that as him placing a cuckold's horns upon my brow. And that will make me want to jump off a--"
Bart Simpson answered "He looks happy."
"No one even plays four-square anymore -- they just gossip." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Okay, the material was a little corny, but Homer and I had real chemistry onscreen.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "No it doesn't!"
Bart Simpson replied "When I grow up, I want to be in the Betty Ford Center."
"Well, let me sew that up for you.", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "Darn her socks?... I say, darn her! I'll do them and then I'm outta here."
Homer Simpson replied: "Listen, we swore we'd never go to sleep angry at each other."
Marge Simpson replied: "Homie, what's going on?"
Marge Simpson responded: "Yeah..."
Marge Simpson replied: "Gambling."
Homer Simpson answered "Butter."
"It's a pig!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"It sure is great to look down my nose at everybody again. Mind if I waggle my finger a little bit?", Ned Flanders responded.
Moe Szyslak responded "All right, it's closing time. Who's paying the tab?"
"It's not a real car, Grampa." Marge Simpson said.
"Bart. Bart Bart Bart Bart Bart." Lisa Simpson said.
"Man, you sure can talk surfer talk.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Keep walkin'"
Homer Simpson answered: "And by funny stuff I mean handholding, goo goo eyes, misdirected woo -- which is pretty much any John Woo film--"
"Hey guys, remember to stick together. Today is the anniversary of the Dark Stanley murders.", Bart Simpson said.
"What is it?", Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "And it's all gonna go down in Skinner's office."
"One more outburst like that and I'll send you back to the big leagues!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Kansas City." Homer Simpson responded.
"Yes, of course you are." Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson responded "Do not question the wisdom of Tom Skerritt."
Homer Simpson: "Everything's right with the world."
Bart Simpson answered "Ow!"
Lisa Simpson said: "Yeah, I was just getting to me. Because of Mr. Burns, they canceled my jazz program, and my friend Tito Puente got fired. But I could never shoot someone."
Homer Simpson responded: "Heh... heh... heh. Bullwinkle's antler sprung a leak."
Homer Simpson said: "Thanks to our new G.P.S., I'll have you at school in no time."
"Or, if not then, Christmas." Homer Simpson responded.
"Hugh, there's something I want you to have. My Dad gave me his cuff links to wear on the day I married Marge, and they brought us good luck. I couldn't imagine a happier marriage. We don't have many traditions in our family, but it'd mean a lot to me if you kept this one alive." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "How about this Henny Penny? If Bart wins tomorrow, you have to mow my lawn."
Bart Simpson responded: "Unky Herb, what advice would you give to a boy who will most likely become a bum like yourself?"
"Yes. Yes it is.", Seymour Skinner responded.
Lisa Simpson: "He made it! He's finally protected from man."
"A coupla times.", Homer Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak answered "Chewin' stuff?!"
Lisa Simpson said: "...so we hitched us a ride on a three-hump gumbamel!"
"Hm. Better add some more nails.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Stupid Nelson! I hate that guy." Bart Simpson responded.
"All right, all right, who took the funny pages?", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "Oh yeah, you're out of nails."
Homer Simpson said: "Well, who knew you were such a rebel? Now, let's learn more about my wife's secret life. Secrets which can only be good."
Lisa Simpson said: "No."
"Give him one for me." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Some folks will tell you that fracking's no good. But what they don't tell you is... hydraulic fracturing creates jobs."
Bart Simpson answered "I hate this place! It's nothing like the brochure."
Homer Simpson responded: "They're forcing 'em."
"So it's agreed: we cancel the rest of the primaries and offer the G.O.P. nomination to this knee-high want-wit." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Hey, Bartle- eeboobely, care for a steak-a-rooney?"
"You came back!" Marge Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Impersonate my mother, will you? And you, Smithers! You must have put him up to it! I'm glad I fired you."
"Okay, wipe away a tear... ... hug the loser...", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "I feel so empty. So alone, so... couchless."
"T-shirts! Come order my homemade T-shirts. My Mom thinks they're good." Bart Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders said: "Come back! Come back! Oh, we're done for! We're done for! We're Done-diddily-done for we're done- diddily-doodily done-diddily-doodily done-diddily-doodily done-diddily-doodily..."
"People stop! We can't give up our dental plan! Lenny, without the dental plan, you wouldn't have that diamond in your tooth.", Homer Simpson answered.
"I DON'T CARE ABOUT TOMORROW / WE NEED TRUE HORSE LOVE TODAY", Homer Simpson answered.
"Bart, would you like to read a book?", Marge Simpson answered.
"You're welcome. And from now on, Dad, if anyone laughs at you, they've gotta go through me." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Look Maggie, they have a baby, too."
"STEP BACK, MOM! IT'S BART'S TURN NOW! / EAT MY SHORTS! DON'T HAVE A COW!" Bart Simpson responded.
"You mean like... an angel?!!" Ned Flanders responded.
"Yes, Bart. Why don't you try it and see?", Lisa Simpson replied.
"I don't know... a hundred and two?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Hey, why am I running from a girl?" Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "Oh Lisa!"
"Is it Milhouse?", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Dad, you cannot wear that! That's a rastafarian hat!"
"We can't keep living like this. Moses, ask Pharaoh to let your people go." Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "Dad, we may have saved your soul."
"We need a third maid. Maybe someone will step in and help.", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Shut up, Flanders. Hey dad, how come we can't get a decent mower like the Flanders?"
Marge Simpson answered: "Homer, for the last time, I am not putting that in."
"Well, giving him a kidney is a wonderful way to show him how you feel." Marge Simpson responded.
"I don't know." Homer Simpson responded.
"Ow! What's that supposed to prove?" Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "I can't talk now, I'm talking to myself! No, no, Homer, go ahead. Thanks, Homer, it'll just be a minute. What's up?"
Lisa Simpson replied: "Or, maybe we can nurse him back to health and set him free in the wild."
Homer Simpson replied: "Gotta go."
Moe Szyslak said "The reason I left you is simple:,the reason i left you is simple,7"
Moe Szyslak: "But I'd look good on the outside, right?"
"Liberals!", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered "But Grampa..."
Bart Simpson replied: "What's really amazing is that this is exactly what Dad said would happen."
Homer Simpson responded "Well, we were lucky this time. But it's all too clear that some things in this universe aren't meant to be trifled with."
"So you're saying we're definitely gonna win? -- Woo hoo! I won't need this any more!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Don't jinx it!" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "Good. Then here are some cupcakes."
"Excuse me. The podiums are needed in the art room as easels.", Seymour Skinner answered.
"Well, with some school band music and added effects, we could show Lisa's film at the public library." Seymour Skinner responded.
Homer Simpson: "Oh Lisa, honey, you can't insulate yourself from life. Why I could live till a hundred or a bus could hit me tomorrow. That's why I never plan more than four seconds ahead."
"Well, what you've gotta do is get them into the real world." Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "Uh, yeah, me. I use it all the time."
"This lunkhead?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Me neither."
"Well, this time I'm drunk on love... and beer." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "Woo! Springfield rocks!"
"Hmmm. I was going to wash my hair.", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "But then they'll just beat me up even worse."
Bart Simpson answered: "Why are you dressed like Catwoman?"
"Acquitted?! Then my nightmare isn't over?" Moe Szyslak answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Or as the Indians call it, maize. Another famous Indian was Crazy Horse. In conclusion, Libya is a land of contrasts. Thank you."
"Ahhh, bacon.", Homer Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders answered "Well, when the sun goes down it means God's gone to China to watch over those good folks. Time for some shuteye."
"Blankets, radio... Oh, a Gary Larson calendar. I don't get it. I don't get it. I don't get it. I don't get it. I--don't get it." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Dad, do you remember why you entered me in that pageant?"
Marge Simpson responded "Breakfast!"
"Suppose someone wanted to buy it from you?", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Great plan, Bart."
Homer Simpson replied: "But my prediction says--"
"Do you have to talk like that?", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "No, I mean teacher."
Homer Simpson answered: "Booting?"
Lisa Simpson replied: "Girl Scout cookies get you in anywhere."
Lisa Simpson said: "Lots more coffee. Are you getting ready for bed, Bart?"
Lisa Simpson replied "And... let's roll."
Marge Simpson: "Stop winking."
"Y'ello." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Ew, that's gross."
Homer Simpson: "Oh, let's face it. I'm the one that's brought this fate upon us. And there's only one way out: I've gotta man up. Okay, manning up... manning up. Mannning-- Girling down! Girling down!"
"Are you?", Homer Simpson responded.
"You're doing that the sucker way. Try a little vitamin G.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Who's next?", Bart Simpson said.
"The bed is lifting me! The elevator at work can't even do that! I demand you put me down right after the sex!", Homer Simpson said.
"Yah!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Craaaaaaaaaap!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Yeah, I'd like to speak to a Mr. Tabooger. First name, Ollie.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Plain, plain, plain, plain, fruit!", Seymour Skinner said.
Lisa Simpson said: "Dad!"
"A civilian! She mustn't know I'm a hero! Gouge her eyes out!" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Check it out, Flanders, us cool dads are sharing a mono-yard. Guess I can't be your best friend anymore."
"I've got perfume spritzers.", Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Um, Dad..."
"No. But you did do something. You made me love baseball. Not as a collection of numbers, but as an unpredictable, passionate game beaten in excitement only by every other sport.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "I can still hear her. I'd better do something."
Homer Simpson replied: "Mr. Seltzer?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Awww, they're using the jerky to feed their family! Look, there's a Homer and a Bart and a Marge and a Lisa. Aww... and they even share my views on parenting!"
Moe Szyslak responded "Hey, hey, that's not your ball."
"Homer!", Marge Simpson replied.
"Oh, my God! Oh, my God!" Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Because they discovered gold right over there--"
"Hey, any more arboretums around here?" Homer Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak replied "Fresh is a dollar, rotten's two bucks."
"Put that down! We're being audited!" Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "That was a sexual harassment seminar!"
"Hey, is that a camera in the ceiling?", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "Oh, man!"
"But Ned, saying nay is your thing." Marge Simpson answered.
"Help me God!", Homer Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner responded "Otto. That's one palindrome you won't be hearing for awhile."
"How do I win Marge over? I could get her kids to like me! No, that ship has sailed." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "But rock stars are supposed to be about drinking and getting drunk and boozing it up."
"Can't talk... eating.", Homer Simpson said.
"The Carnival!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Well hello, Marge. Lovely day for tennis, eh?" C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Yabba dabba doo!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, yeah.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Jessica, you're really beautiful, but you are not very nice."
"Thanks, Bart. That's really sweet." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Burns' suit! Burns' suit!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"An opera star!", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Dad, wait, I've got a story about why revenge is wrong." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Now it's two sets of twins.", Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner said: "Posh. Shredded newspapers add much needed roughage and essential inks. Besides, you didn't notice the old gym mats."
"Oh, those awful women want their omelettes." Homer Simpson said.
"From inside, you just push up. Easy peasy. And there's no way anyone can figure out how it's done." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Dios mio!"
"Blueprints... concrete invoices... construction schedule...", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "I wanted to surprise you for Christmas..."
Bart Simpson answered "Scuba goggles!"
"Ga-ga. Goo-goo. Your assignment.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson answered "C'mon, Lisa, join the family!"
"Hey, everybody. Let's go sing at the hospital! FOR WE'VE GOT..." Seymour Skinner answered.
Moe Szyslak: "Take care."
"Wait a minute. Didn't Bart and I both watch this thing when we were little?", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Oh, by the way, I was being sarcastic.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh man. Fine." Homer Simpson said.
"Wouldn't it be easier if I just took acting lessons?", Homer Simpson said.
"Just a minute! Don't hang up!" Marge Simpson responded.
"Me too.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Mr. Blackheart?", Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Hi, Dad. Want me to cut out this infernal racket?"
Homer Simpson answered "Oh, I'm not decent. Let me throw something on!"
Homer Simpson responded "I said forget it!"
Homer Simpson replied "Hmm. It's gonna take a lot of fireworks to clean this place up."
Lisa Simpson said "This broadcast is from 1979."
Lisa Simpson said "Well, you'd better hurry. I don't think Dad can last much longer where he's hiding."
"Oh, hey, hey. Maybe some things are too good to be kept a secret." Moe Szyslak answered.
Homer Simpson said "Go up to the attic. There's a whole trunk of clothes up there."
Homer Simpson replied "God you're hilarious."
"Do you think Lisa went to that jazz club I wouldn't take her to?" Marge Simpson responded.
"For what?" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Quick, it's Moe. I gotta hide the mugs..."
Homer Simpson responded: "Ew! Gross!"
Bart Simpson answered "I needed to get my mind on something else. Anything else."
"It's 'cause your bodies are so used to processed food it's a shock when you eat vegetables full of vitamins, minerals and trace amounts of bug feces." Lisa Simpson answered.
"THE CROWD IS FULL OF GENTLEMEN /", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson said "I keep hearing this horrible irregular thumping noise."
Homer Simpson replied "What?"
"That show's gone off the air.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Yeah, sure he was, Nahasapasa-Imraisin'apervert.", Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Flanders, that stuff's been here for thousands of years. But the breakfast buffet at this hotel, which is included in our package, closes in ten minutes!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "Oh come on, don't you get it? Bart stopped time with his magic stopwatch."
"Oh, so that's his little game. Get this Simpson character up here right now.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Oh, I just mopped that driveway.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Dad, the chloroform!" Bart Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Yes, it always saddens me that you and Sheldon have never gotten along."
"No, to drive.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Are you sure you're a fully accredited and bonded pornographer?"
Homer Simpson said: "Uh... yes sir. I thought I was supposed to."
"Good Heavens! Grab a sponge, man!", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson responded "All right. Stop it! Cut it out!"
"MY ADELEINE...." Seymour Skinner said.
"Marge, the kids are acting ethnic!" Homer Simpson replied.
"I don't know. Can't we get Chris Christie to run?", Homer Simpson said.
"Oh no! This is where they took Mom from me!", Lisa Simpson said.
Ned Flanders answered: "Thanks, but... what are you holding on to?"
"Have we gotten all the liquor?" Marge Simpson answered.
"Why are we cleaning this room? I don't think we were even in here." Lisa Simpson responded.
"More like pre-school.", Lisa Simpson said.
"When it's closed it's a chair! When you were little, I used to take you to a Mommy-and-Me toddler gym.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Yeah, I make up words too. Anyway, I was wondering if you could pretend to lose to me in a skateboarding contest so I can be a hero to my boy again."
Bart Simpson responded "MIGHT I ADD, EAT MY SHORTS."
"Um, Marge... Homer, uh, just ran out sayin' he don't love you and he never did.", Moe Szyslak answered.
Lisa Simpson responded "Ohmigosh! It's the mysterious Orb of Isis."
"At least Maggie can fly us home." Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "Night will come soon."
"Flavor's gone." Bart Simpson answered.
"There it is!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"The government. Taking my hard-earned stolen wine and spending it on that no-good floor.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Bart! I suppose it has..uh..various features?"
"I want you to take baths, Bart.", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "Wow. I wonder where all the rats are gonna go."
"One hundred dollars and fifty cents!" Ned Flanders replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Good luck in your trumped-up law suit, Dad."
"Phone?" Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "A, B, C..."
Marge Simpson said "Looks like this is all me."
"Why does a bear need a crowbar?", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "Nelson?! I explicitly forbade Bart from playing with that little monster. Ooo, Bart is in deep, deep trouble."
"Wait! Hang on!" Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "I know, I used to think of Moe as a scabby, dead-eyed hunchback. But now that I've gotten to know him, we kind of bonded."
Bart Simpson responded "Oh, no. I must have joined the Junior Campers!"
Marge Simpson answered "These classic board games are fun and safe."
"You're finished already? But the competition isn't for weeks." Lisa Simpson said.
"You sound like you're going to buy a pony. Promise me you won't.", Marge Simpson answered.
"What did you way?", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Now, you learn your numbers from these billiard balls while Daddy gets happier and happier and then sadder and sadder."
Homer Simpson replied: "All part of God's great plan."
"Bart, I am so mad at you!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Ahoy mateys, it's me, Long Bart Silver and I'm gonna rip you a new I.V. hole.", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded "She got it open."
Homer Simpson replied: "Yes."
"Well... if it would put your mind at ease, I could take a limousine. Although that would cost two hundred dollars...", Lisa Simpson said.
"So, you went and hired a law firm, eh? That's pretty aggressive." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Outstanding."
Homer Simpson answered "Hello?... Uh-huh. Yes Mrs. Bellamy, I'll be right there."
Homer Simpson responded: "That was great. You mind if I use that at work?"
Homer Simpson said: "Oh God! Oh, they're delicious! Oh, so happy! Oh God, they're... They're gone."
"Oh, like you care, Betty White." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Have you been up all night eating cheese?"
Ned Flanders responded: "Oh, fine. Take the cut."
"Bad baby!", Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered "Is that a Long Island Iced Tea?"
Bart Simpson said "Uh oh."
"I'm picking the next thing." Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "Homer, stop that."
"Hey, Lisa, self-conscious about your shins? In my day, girls were worried about their boobs." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "Have you cleaned that suit once since you got it?"
Bart Simpson responded "You don't need an introduction. You're the worst kid in school."
"Now you know how I'll feel when you go to college." Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "Now, we've managed to preoccupy the cat lady for the next few hours."
Marge Simpson: "Doctor, we don't have a dental plan right now. So we'll need something a little more... affordable."
Homer Simpson: "I 'unno... Because you weren't cute anymore?"
"Don't worry, they're just getting the plot out of the way so it won't slow down the .", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Me!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Lisa, just say something to me."
"You probably do this all the time! This whole family is built on a tissue of lies and romance!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"It's true! It would be a cold day in Hell when I was popular." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Whew! Uh, enjoy."
Lisa Simpson: "Bart, you were supposed to scour the pans!"
"Yeah, he's probably just a big blowhard like you.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Uh, Murphy, you are elf a controllably I think a we nam- myo-renge-kyo."
"Really? Did that ever work for you?" Bart Simpson responded.
"Yeah. If that mafia guy weren't staring at us, I'd take off my towel.", Homer Simpson answered.
"We have a winner!", Seymour Skinner answered.
"Suddenly, this trip has gotten interesting.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "A grizzly bear with a chainsaw. Now there's a killing machine!"
"I just did." Marge Simpson said.
"Ow!" Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders answered "I... uh... I got your phone bill in my mail by mistake... and, uh... I'll just pay it."
Homer Simpson replied "Thy will be done, Lord Vader. Please don't hurt me. Please."
"And what if we don't?", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Woo hoo! Four more pounds and my dream comes true: Working at home..."
Marge Simpson said "Oh, I invited my sisters over."
Ned Flanders said "I had to -- I heard a hubbub, Bub."
Bart Simpson replied "Okay, okay. I'll find you some food."
Homer Simpson replied: "No, me! No, Me!"
Marge Simpson answered "I just don't think it's funny!"
"Kid, you got a lot of shoddy, money-saving ideas. Like a major airline but you were here on time. Come with me.", Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Ooo, a hotdog!"
Homer Simpson answered "I broke some bathroom fixtures."
"But do you also remember that you're an enabler?" Homer Simpson answered.
"When did this happen?" Bart Simpson said.
Ned Flanders answered "Uh, you die eating a submarine sandwich."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Not to me, Dad."
Lisa Simpson answered "Dad, may I please make an observation?"
"We'll tape it!", Homer Simpson said.
"But he's out of his mind -- he can't run for President!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Huh?" Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders replied "Nooo!!!"
"Or, more likely, the phone number of the bird's owner." Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "Our song."
"Look, Homer. There's that bird you like to argue with.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Thank you sir!", Bart Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Wait a minute, go back. Zoom in. Why is that man in pink?"
"My baby boy is in jail! I'm the worst mom in the world.", Marge Simpson said.
"Skewed Tour? The traveling festival of rock 'n' roll, skateboarding and extreme sports?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "Help! Help!"
"Another proud moment for the Simpsons.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Oh my Juice Loosener's never gonna come.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "But that's so many sandwiches!"
"This looks like a discount for..." Bart Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak answered "Outta the way, Midge!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Awww..."
"Yeah, I guess you're right. Gimme a hug." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Sure, we get a nice mix here."
"How did you know?!" Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded: "What else ya got?"
Bart Simpson said: "Wicca's a Hollywood fad!"
Homer Simpson said: "Hey Marge!"
Homer Simpson: "Mmm... salty."
C. Montgomery Burns responded "But I'll need someone to watch my house. Who's that fellow who always screws up and creates havoc?"
"Hey, where's Bart?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"What? Fire me? That does it, you can never be my son..." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"I don't know why, but I just didn't feel comfortable until I was back here in New Springfield, with my own kind." Marge Simpson responded.
"CanwehaveapoolDad? CanwehaveapoolDad? CanwehaveapoolDad? CanwehaveapoolDad? CanwehaveapoolDad? Canwe... etc.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"They're okay with applesauce." Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, go ahead -- numb me." Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "Um, the guy who chopped up George Washington?"
Marge Simpson responded: "Any more questions?"
"I've got you now, Bart.", Seymour Skinner said.
Marge Simpson said "Homer! What happened?"
Marge Simpson answered: "Homer, look at me."
"Ooo, so many celebrities have their own label: Princess Penelope, Booberella, The Real Housewives of Ogdenville, even Scratchy." Marge Simpson said.
"Hey, you seem like a great guy, so I'll give you a little tip. If you turn that security camera around, you can sleep and no one will ever know." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "But they are morons. What grown person could believe in angels?"
"Face it, Lis -- men are dogs. The worse we treat you, the more you want us.", Bart Simpson said.
"And you and I were going to study the municipal voter's guide.", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "Why?"
Marge Simpson said: "A wife needs to tell her husband she was wrong!"
"Then what was in the coffin?" Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Hey, what's this lump?"
"Homer, at least come out and say hello.", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered "Ben, Ramona, I wanna tell you something I've learned over ten years of marriage. The secret is: no secrets, except good secrets like this train."
Ned Flanders replied: "A brief one."
Homer Simpson replied: "Later, chickie-pie."
"Well, cardinal or cannibal, I wish that twenty years ago I had chosen love." Marge Simpson responded.
"There's no such thing as a boogeyman!", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Look, John, you seem like a perfectly nice guy and all. Just stay the hell away from my family!"
Moe Szyslak answered "God, misfire!"
Homer Simpson: "Who wants lottery tickets?"
"What?! The Archduke is dead?" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Make my daughter cry, will ya! Eat syrup, jerk!" Homer Simpson responded.
"I'm not sure I should go. I don't even like him." Lisa Simpson said.
"Was it Lurleen?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Hey, look Marge! They're still not fightin' back! I can be a jerk and no one can stop me! Hee hee hee hee!" Homer Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders replied: "Oooh, found a new short cut?"
Marge Simpson answered "Am I going too?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Yes, he is handsome in an ugly sort of way."
Homer Simpson said: "Aw, dammit! Chief, how are we supposed to live with our kids constantly separated?"
"I sold a couple of my rare jazz records. After a while they all start to sound the same. Still love the genre, of course. Not even close to getting sick of it.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"I'm sorry, Homie.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Hey, hey, hey. Let's not get crazy. If you quit, I'm telling Mom everything." Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Wow! I feel like such a nobody."
Bart Simpson: "Barclay, Barry, Bert, Bort?! Aw, c'mon, Bort?"
Moe Szyslak: "Water?! That stuff killed my grandmother!"
"Marge, may I speak to you?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Do you have a disrespectful son who calls you by your first name?", Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Ooh, Admiral Carstairs, I'd like you to meet my son, Larry."
Lisa Simpson: "Bart, that's not funny."
"So, Ned, you're having a family reunion and you didn't invite me?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Maggie, we have a surprise for you." Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "Homie, I'm losing my hair."
Homer Simpson said "Finally, some service. Now listen. We wanna sit under a cool state license plate -- Michigan or better."
"Uh... don't get me wrong. I mean you're an honest man. I just meant that you could afford to run for governor, if you felt like it. 'Course I'm just rambling because... uh... because you keep staring at me like that, but, but it's true. I mean, if you were governor, you could decide what's safe and what isn't." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Oh, that was fifty already?"
"Here, Clip-Clop. Here pony, pony." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Mmm, caramel baloney.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Hey, there's a bug that looks like dad. Let's kill it.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Jenny, it's amazing what you've done with my son.", Marge Simpson replied.
"I didn't quite get the point of it, Dad. Why would Lenny want someone to saw his legs off?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Nope. I'm gonna stay here and let them test their laser-guided super weapons on me -- like that one!"
Homer Simpson responded: "I swallowed a chicken bone."
"Thanks for helping us out, Reverend. I know you've never performed a Hindu ceremony...", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Roses. So many roses."
Marge Simpson answered "Nelson, you really have a knack for this."
"I didn't do diddily, and certainly not squat!" Ned Flanders replied.
Seymour Skinner answered "Now, uh, people, there's been some confusion about our bird-sighting rules. You cannot count birds that you've seen at the zoo, on stamps, or in dreams."
Homer Simpson answered: "Then what protects you if we crash?"
Marge Simpson answered "Of course they didn't, honey."
"Homer, please pay attention. There's just one more movie." Marge Simpson replied.
"Look, Smithers, a twitch... it's moving. It's alive! Oh, that fellow at Radio Shack said I was mad... well who's mad now?!" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Marge Simpson said: "Enough!"
Moe Szyslak responded "Well, that's halfway there."
Bart Simpson: "Simpson checks the runner on first. He's cool. He's fine. Here's the windup and... here's the pitch."
Marge Simpson said "I agree. Hey! Aren't you that crazy Cat Lady?"
Homer Simpson replied "It won't happen again, sir. I promise. May I get out of your sight now?"
"We'll be talking about this together for years!", Homer Simpson said.
"Bart, glad you're here. We're all gonna watch a movie together.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Come on, boys.", Ned Flanders said.
Homer Simpson said "I do eat a lot of crap."
Bart Simpson: "One time I swung all the way around."
Homer Simpson responded: "Okay, okay. We'll make it fun. I'll take her to that crab place. All the crabs you could smash."
Homer Simpson: "Son, the healthy thing is to get rid of everything that reminds you of Krusty...which appears to be everything. Hey, maybe we should give Lisa this room. You know she works for Krusty now."
"It's no fun if my Mom likes them!" Bart Simpson answered.
"Oh, forget it." Bart Simpson replied.
"Well, he's got my vote." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "That'll straighten you out, boy. There, you don't just get bad grades -- you go to Hell!"
Homer Simpson said "I'll take you with me, old man!"
Homer Simpson said "If you really love Larry, prove it and you can have him back today."
Seymour Skinner responded: "Now, that's your third helping, young man. It's making you fat and soft... and tender. Hmmm... Uh, you just cut in line, didn't you? Report to detention, Uter."
"Honey, don't get obsessed with that. Focus on the good things. Like this fire extinguisher I got at the fair.", Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "Whacking Day is coming."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Dad! Bart's on my side of the seat!"
Lisa Simpson replied "Relatively?"
C. Montgomery Burns responded "No, no! Stop it! Stop it! You'll enrage the beast!"
Bart Simpson replied: "Oops, my homework!"
Marge Simpson answered: "Heyyy, look at that."
Homer Simpson replied: "And now you're ready for a night on the town."
Marge Simpson replied: "There. I hope the children enjoy my special fruit punch."
Homer Simpson responded "Ooo, gumball."
Marge Simpson replied: "Hello?"
Bart Simpson responded: "Speaking of which, how about seconds?"
Marge Simpson replied "Oh sweetie, you want your parents to be happy, don't you?"
"Princess Penelope! Sign mine! Sign mine!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "Homer! I can save you both! Just let go of the rock!"
Moe Szyslak said "Put the head back on."
Moe Szyslak said "Eh, get outta here. I'm hung over!"
"Oh, Lenny, I'm sure he'll like your wife no matter what she looks like.", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Wheee! /"
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Why can't the government just get off our backs?"
"Thank you, that'd be nice." Homer Simpson said.
"Hey, what gives? Where are all the rock stars?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Dammit.", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Which way does the water turn in your toilet?"
Homer Simpson replied: "I've compiled a thorough safety report on this plant."
"There it is. Take off, and have a frank and productive holiday.", Seymour Skinner responded.
"Okay, here's your precious articles.", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Uh... I have no family. I tried to enroll in school, but your Principal Skinner turned me away because of my shabby clothes."
Bart Simpson said "I've gotta set things straight. During that same race, my friend Milhouse was in the lead, when something horrible happened..."
"We're gonna go check out the wind damage!" Lisa Simpson said.
"Now Dr. Hibbert said to use a number from one to ten to describe how anxious you are.", Homer Simpson said.
"I don't think so, sir.", Bart Simpson replied.
"I hope it's a girl." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Oh, this? Hmm. I think it is.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Well, I think you should take Bart to meet this exotic belly-person. I want him to see that she's a real human being with real thoughts and real feelings. I want Bart to see you apologize for the way you treated her." Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded "THAT IS WHAT I'D TRULY LIKE TO BE/ 'CAUSE IF I WERE AN OSCAR MEYER WEINER..."
Lisa Simpson answered "Wildflowers! We don't have you in Springfield!"
Bart Simpson responded: "What do you mean, how did I get on the radio? I created the universe! Stupid kids."
"Just my honey pie.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Dad?", Bart Simpson answered.
"What is this, open mike night?", Moe Szyslak responded.
Ned Flanders responded: "Concussion... diddily... hemorrhage... doodily... injury... bodily..."
Homer Simpson responded "Shh, quiet."
Homer Simpson answered: "At last."
Marge Simpson said: "Well what if by harming a manatee you could save two manatees? But before you answer, consider this: the manatee you'd have to harm is pregnant."
"Okay, Champ. I before E, except after C.", Marge Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak responded "Up-bup-bup. You didn't say you'd kill me."
Bart Simpson responded "Yes they do."
"LISA IT'S YOUR BIRTHDAY / HAPPY BIRTHDAY LISA / LISA IT'S YOUR BIRTHDAY / HAPPY BIRTHDAY LISA..." Bart Simpson responded.
"I love you so much! Potatoes and gravy on the side, please.", Homer Simpson said.
"Your minds are opening! Take it home!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Aw, sweetie. Hey, why don't you make friends with my new computer?", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "I think he'd be cool with it."
Homer Simpson said "And then we roll him up in a carpet and throw him off a bridge."
Ned Flanders responded "Eh, you boys can go with the Simpsons. I'm not going to church today."
"But we never saw people like us on TV." Homer Simpson said.
"Woo-hoo! I'm an attractive concept like Liberty!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Why is that jet flying so close to our house?" Marge Simpson said.
"Oh, sure." Homer Simpson answered.
"It's extreme enough for me when they smear the wedding cake on each other's faces.", Marge Simpson said.
"Oh, he knows how to push all my buttons.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Who's doin' what now?", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Whoo-hoo!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Moe, what happened to your eponymous tavern?"
"Go ahead, leave. You'll come crawling back." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "I don't see why not."
Homer Simpson answered "A surprise party?"
Homer Simpson responded "Why was I born?"
"Where are you, kids?", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "...your Ma says I should do something with you. Need some help with your homework?"
"Heh, you know, I was a little worried about coming to this convention with you, but I think as long as we're not alone together...", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Drop it in, don't cram it in. Oh, forget it, I'll do it myself."
"Scrub harder. Got to get that layer of dead skin off." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Bart Simpson said "Uh, well, since we're here, I'm gonna go try to get Al Roker's autograph."
Marge Simpson answered: "Hi, sweetie. We're just calling to check in."
Bart Simpson answered "Wowww."
"Everybody remember that for when his hearing comes back." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "Ooooh-woo! Wow. If your fly weren't open, you'd look just like Roger Moore."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Leaving!"
"I like you." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "You know Lucius Sweet? He's one of the biggest names in boxing! He's exactly as rich and as famous as Don King, and he looks just like him, too."
"Well, um, yeah. I guess they'd probably want to be with their families or something, huh?" Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Boogers."
"Two hundred dollars!" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "Check it out."
"Okay, left hand: Rembrandt!" Homer Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner said "Yes, this is Principal Seymour Skinner."
Bart Simpson: "BUT A TANGO TAKES TWO!"
Marge Simpson answered: "Grampa no!"
"19-- 1939?! Oh my God, I've gone back in time!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, it shows. I was gonna say something, but I thought it might sound you know, weird."
"Good morning, Mr. Burns. Beautiful day to be outside, isn't it?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Actually, there's a little more." Lisa Simpson said.
"Yeah, what's the deal, loser?", Homer Simpson said.
"I don't like the sound of that funeral march." Homer Simpson replied.
"How long have you been in there?", Homer Simpson replied.
"I can't wait till I get good." Bart Simpson replied.
"Aaaahhhh!!!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner answered: "I understand."
Lisa Simpson said "You think I'll pass gym this term?"
Homer Simpson responded "Can one of the hundred be making the list?"
"C'mon, Lis, Krusty doesn't want our attention anymore. Let's go worship somebody who has the guts to be a celebrity." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "I've been so blind. I'll lavish my attention on Maggie, the forgotten Simpson."
"Run, boy! Run!" Homer Simpson responded.
"At least I won't freeze to death." Homer Simpson responded.
"Gentlemen, the game is capture the flag. Rod, ladies pick first." Bart Simpson answered.
"Uh-uh, think. Is that what Alex would say?", Homer Simpson responded.
"How come all the lights are on?" Marge Simpson answered.
"A chance to bring down Bart Simpson? Our school's second most-wanted criminal after the mysterious El Barto?", Seymour Skinner said.
"I think I'm gonna be fine. Let's get some breakfast.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"That's my grease! It's mine! Give it here!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Are you sure it's a Federal law that I have to dance with you?", Marge Simpson replied.
"Dad, can you take me to Dr. Hibbert's office?" Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Look, all I want is what everybody wants: preferential treatment!"
Homer Simpson said: "O-kay."
"Uh... the name of the company is...", Bart Simpson responded.
"Chief, don't you think you've had enough?" Marge Simpson said.
"Now, the cat needs his medication every morning --", Marge Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner replied "Nothing!"
Moe Szyslak answered: "So Maya. Um, you always been this size, or is this like a Benjamin Button deal? No, I mean is, I just...your picture just made you look more... life-sized."
"Hey, why would I want Purina when I've got Fancy Feast right here?", Homer Simpson replied.
"There must be a way to outsmart them.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "You still reading that thing? I'm warning you: when something goes into that vent, it shouldn't come out. Ever!"
"Well, I... uh..." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "How was it?"
"At least in other sports they're trying to put a ball in a net or a zone. But in this sport they don't put anything in anything. And if they did, I wouldn't want to see it!", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded "This place is great! If I cover my peripheral vision, I feel like I'm in France!"
Homer Simpson responded "And tomorrow morning, I'm gonna buy your ring back! Then I'm going house-hunting!"
"Kirk Van Houten, I hope you're not having a midlife crisis.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Homie, I love you. But you can be a challenge, like doing the Daily Jumble." Marge Simpson said.
"Good mornin' world!" Bart Simpson said.
"This is praying?! Let me outta here!" Homer Simpson replied.
"I can't believe it! Five hundred bucks! Just think what I can do with that money!" Bart Simpson answered.
"How many people live in Brazil?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Nothing, nothing. I'm just broadening my horizons. Uh, by the way, do you have extra-wide bumper stickers for a Humvee?" Homer Simpson said.
"Um. Excuse me, Lisa." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "Just when I was getting over my Chester A. Arthritis."
"I grabbed on to the vacuum cleaner, pushed the cord retractor button and was on my way to freedom.", Seymour Skinner responded.
"Good boy. Boys, let's see your hands." Seymour Skinner responded.
"Lunchlady Doris! Why are you here?" Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Unloved by Al? Noooooooo!"
Moe Szyslak responded "No, why you say that?"
"Sir! Hello, Sir! Yes, you look like a man who needs help satisfying his wife!" Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "Oh, just make a speech about Dad."
"Better switch to Social Studies.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"No one's gonna jinx you, Homer. In fact, we're rooting for you." Marge Simpson replied.
"You know, I have been meaning to take a spiritual journey, and I would -- Hey!!", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "Why did he have to kill everyone in their costumes?"
Homer Simpson: "Yeah, it'd be nice to entertain friends and have people over."
"I'm your husband!" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Hurry up, Dad!"
"No sale." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "First, it's fudge-cicle... And I know they're up there. I just need a better foothold."
Homer Simpson responded "No, she does, totally, but uh... with a happier ending. Goodnight!"
Marge Simpson answered: "Here's your lunches. With some cake. You'll be having cake for a long, long, time."
Homer Simpson responded: "Marge, what are you doing? That pie is poisoned!"
"This is Red Barclay's shipment. On time, as always." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Maggie, can you point to the monkey?"
"It..." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "Cowabunga!"
Lisa Simpson answered "You! It's about Hello, hello, Springfield. It's me, Gaga! Why is everyone looking at my purple hair full of bluebirds?"
Homer Simpson said "Sonofa-- Why did you do that?"
Marge Simpson: "Is it Iraqi journalists being murdered?"
"Hey, Marge, what's your favorite radio station?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Dr. Hibbert?" Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Hush, sweet boy. Let me get lost in the blue of your eyebrows."
"What do you think? Huh? Huh? Pretty heartfelt, huh? Huh?" Lisa Simpson said.
"Yup. One-oh-three on the dot. You're stayin' home.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Oh yeah? With what?"
"I'm just happy you're happy." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "I'll kill you! I'll kill your whole family!"
Homer Simpson replied "Oopsie."
Bart Simpson responded: "I admit it! I let Milhouse lie down in your bed!"
"Has she kissed you?", Marge Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders responded "Look a little closer."
"Skateboards? You copycat wannabes." Bart Simpson responded.
"Or maybe it's groveling that works. Eh, six of one." Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Well, I'm no Margaret Cho, but I do a pretty fair Columbo impression. Ah, one more thing - One- I should get a glass of water."
Marge Simpson said "So, this is basically what we can afford."
"It's time to harvest our radioactive supercrop!", Homer Simpson replied.
"That's the rich people's mall. Let's shop till we droop!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Are you sure that's enough? You know how the boss loves your delicious gelatin desserts." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Mindy!"
"Huh?", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Well, I've never been one to break the law...", Bart Simpson responded.
"Look at that! Everyone's living it up except Ned.", Ned Flanders answered.
"Imbecile. Simpson, your family will have to remain here." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "Gotcha!"
"While you two are up on the roof, why don't you take the leaves out of the gutter!" Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "Ohhh."
Lisa Simpson: "We feel neither highs nor lows."
"Gum on the floor. Off the list.", Seymour Skinner answered.
"Pass the pumice, please." Homer Simpson replied.
"Dad, while I agree reducing consumption is great, it's hard to make permanent changes in your lifestyle.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"No! Should I attach it for you?", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "Yeah. Alone, I'm sure."
"I got fired from Foot Locker.", Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner: "SIMPSON!!!"
Homer Simpson said: "Well... one."
"Wow! And after them, out of all the people in the world, you chose me. Uh huh, yeah, number four and a half reed.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "Aha! No one's around. The perfect crime."
Marge Simpson replied: "Perfect! Now, let's see if lightning strikes twice!"
"Hey who died?" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Come here, people!"
"Grampa?", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Don't worry, dude. We'll hook you up with some tunes."
"Could you open the window? The cops have Daddy's prints on file." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "So what time does this play start?"
"Principal Skinner, I will not call off this strike until you bring back music and art.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"He cut off his favorite dread!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Back cuts?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Wait a minute. Listen, to me you lousy bum! When I get a hold of you you're dead. I swear I'm gonna slice your heart in half!", Moe Szyslak responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "It worked, Mom! Maggie's memories have shown them humanity's inner goodness."
"Ah ha! Prepare to die!" Homer Simpson responded.
"They're only sold in Europe. I know a guy." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "I love it when you're not into it. Oh yeah, baby. Oh yeah that's it ignore me. I'm not even here."
"Whoa, tha... that, that's a project I'm working on. Sorry." Moe Szyslak answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Well, you kids are old enough to know the truth and I'm not gonna sugarcoat it."
Homer Simpson said "Wait a minute. Does this mean you like my present?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Why you little--"
Moe Szyslak replied "Sorry Homer, but here's a compromise: why don't you both pay for the drink?"
"Fine. Fur's murder. Everything's murder.", Bart Simpson responded.
"I want you to know I'm cured." Homer Simpson answered.
"Come on dear. It's time to go.", Marge Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "I told you, I only weigh as much as my clothes and keys!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Bo-ring!"
Lisa Simpson responded "Do you feel bad about what you did?"
"Mom, these are slums. The government just painted them bright colors so the tourists wouldn't be offended.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"That's just so obvious!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Why didn't you tell me you were bringing home a filthy monkey?" Marge Simpson answered.
"Just one sec: Nelson gave me some notes on a prank I'm doing.", Bart Simpson replied.
"It's not without its charm." Moe Szyslak replied.
"I didn't like it. The mast had termites." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "It's probably my imagination but something about them didn't seem quite right."
Homer Simpson said "Why? He'd just bury it."
"Hi guys... Dad.", Bart Simpson replied.
"That's right. And if the ref's not looking, you can kick him a coupla times." Moe Szyslak responded.
"Oh, you can fix little defects like that with gentle nagging. Make it part of the background noise of your relationship. That's how I polished Homer into the perfect... Homer! No, that's ice!", Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh, how does it work?", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "Now the kids won't bother us during our morning snuggle."
"What was that? Ah, who cares. Son, please let me help you.", Homer Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner answered "Mother, it is my birthday, not our anniversary!"
Bart Simpson responded "Great lady."
"Just to get some attention.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Come to Homercles."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Well, how about Aunt Patty and Aunt Selma at the D.M.V.?"
Bart Simpson answered: "You heard nothing!"
Marge Simpson answered "Well, I wish somebody would've stuck around to hear it."
"Man, you're the talkiest bullies I ever met.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "That got it."
"I don't want to see it!" Homer Simpson answered.
"I see no grill, oven, or food of any kind.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Rant on, Simpson, but your vainglorious boasting will only add savor to my inevitable triumph.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"And what if I don't?", Bart Simpson answered.
"Ow! What was that for?", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "But dad can't afford six dollars a night."
"Maggie, I'm sorry I was jealous of your special gift. From now on I'm gonna nurture and cherish--", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh my God, you're right! I'd better call the guy."
Bart Simpson answered: "You guys are just in time. My dad's about to tell me something important about our robot."
Marge Simpson said "Oh, it's very sweet, but I don't need..."
"Go to Work with Your Parents Day?" Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "TWO!"
"Stupid angry mob... chasing me because I shine a harsh light on modern society. Now I know how Dane Cook feels." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "--just to counteract the self-confidence--"
"Allouetty, jaunty allouetty, allouetty... ...Hmm. Allouetty..." Bart Simpson answered.
"BIRD..." Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Dad, why are you still singing that stupid song?"
"Oh, why did I borrow that roof from him?" Homer Simpson responded.
"The dot also appears to be on my underpants. Well, down they go.", Seymour Skinner answered.
"Uh, yeah, park the dessert cart under this beautiful lady's nose. And charge it all to my Players Club card.", Moe Szyslak responded.
Bart Simpson replied "Conventions rock!"
"This comes off." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded "You don't?"
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Idiots. I'll design it myself. I know what people like. It's got to have sex appeal, and a catchy name."
Marge Simpson replied: "Krusty, I brought some homemade chicken soup. We used the Play-Doh maker for the matzo."
"Uh, listen, is it true you priest guys can't ever... you know..." Homer Simpson answered.
"He's not your daddy.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Uh-huh. So what's my stock up to?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Leaving? Why on earth would you think that?"
"Quick, the barn!" Marge Simpson responded.
"No, tell me now!" Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "I thought I turned that tape off."
"Look, they have Lincoln's hat!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "But--"
Lisa Simpson replied: "We're buying a new doorbell?"
Lisa Simpson: "Fine. Just get in here."
Bart Simpson said "Goodbye, fine China."
"Mom, we've got to stop them from pacifying our town!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "No, Dad! We don't want to kill him! Let's call animal control."
Marge Simpson said: "Bart, this isn't the kind of thing I normally would think was a good idea, but you wouldn't have to live with Mr. Burns, you'd just get all of his money someday. This could provide for your entire future."
Homer Simpson responded "No, we're not."
"Hey, keep your hands off my china hutch." Bart Simpson replied.
"All right, I'll bring in a woman. But I still stand by my hiring policies.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Moe Szyslak replied "That'll do it."
"Thank you, Friendo." Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns: "Why is it company parties always get weird?"
"That's for the courts to decide, son." Homer Simpson said.
"Oooh." Homer Simpson answered.
"But I want to see what happens." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Just remember, son, whatever happens --I'll always love you."
"Uh... yeah." Homer Simpson responded.
"Watch the Conan O'Brien show. You'll see." Bart Simpson answered.
"Hi." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Our savings?!"
"Hm, looks like ancient Aramaic. Fortunately, I have an app for that.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Is it about pies?", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "The hell I won't. You're forgetting I've got my Power Sauce bars."
"Um, I think we're supposed to get off here." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "...As Headmaster Greystash fought a battle to the finish with dark wizard Maluicious Krubb."
Homer Simpson responded: "Doctor, why is this happening to me?"
Marge Simpson answered "I can't count how many times your father's done something crazy like this."
Marge Simpson said: "I don't know. All it takes is one troubled loner."
"Kids.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "I'd like to return this barbecue kit."
"See, the Southern Hemisphere is made up of everything below the Equa... this line." Lisa Simpson answered.
"So do your farting now.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh! Oh! Oh!" Bart Simpson responded.
"Yeah." Bart Simpson responded.
"I never used to trust you, Contessa, but now you seem so nice." Moe Szyslak replied.
"Well, it's a cinch Springfield won't be that lucky city." Marge Simpson responded.
"Here it comes." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Strike! Woo hoo!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Fake author?"
Bart Simpson said: "Teamsters are sleeping in my room."
"Oh-uh-uh... sorry Maggie, that's something to collect, not enjoy. It's one of my Humble figurines." Ned Flanders responded.
"You both look well." Homer Simpson responded.
"Well, if you don't want it, I know someone who does." Homer Simpson said.
"But, there is one condition...", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Very nice."
"Hey, Dad. Here's one. Twenty-eight dollars an hour, plenty of fresh air... and you get to meet lots of interesting people." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "You know what I really hate about church? Those boring sermons."
"It's seven a.m. What are they cock-a-doodily-doin'?", Ned Flanders responded.
"Yeah, they're cool and they last the rest of the your life." Bart Simpson replied.
"Uh-oh." Homer Simpson said.
"Ah!! Cover your eyes!", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "So that's it. She's been burned by the most important man in her life... her father."
Homer Simpson said "I'll never have a per diem."
Marge Simpson: "Are you going to fix the faucet or not?"
Marge Simpson: "I'm a little disappointed. There were too many aprons."
"This conversation.", Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner replied "Nice job, Simpson. You even got my Suze Orman tape unstuck from the cassette player. She's the reason I was able to purchase a new watch band."
"Well, Homer and Bart are well, they're under the weather." Marge Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders replied "Oh my."
"I'll meet you in Wilmington.", Homer Simpson said.
"Now ya got nothin'!" Moe Szyslak answered.
"I'd like to start a jazz program for the music department. We've got a really great instructor lined up...", Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "Willie, I need to see the school security tapes."
"I have the power?", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "What could come between two bestest buddies like us?"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Oh! The famous Shelbyville Theater District! Can we see a play?"
C. Montgomery Burns replied "You know, it's funny, Smithers. I tried every tincture and poultice and tonic and patent medicine there is. And all I really needed was the blood of a young boy. By the way, what was the lad's name?"
Lisa Simpson responded: "What about your pet iguana, Jub-Jub?"
Homer Simpson said "So... I thought it went real well. Until I swallowed the whistle."
"So what's our first job, huh? Test the roller coaster?" Bart Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders: "No, son. No sirree, Bob."
Lisa Simpson responded: "We're actually entering Dad's dreams?"
Bart Simpson replied: "My category comes up pretty soon. I'm home free as long as this Oscar show is tight and fast-paced."
"Men of cruelty." Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, Maude, I turned your dream of a Christian amusement park into a bemusement park." Ned Flanders replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Boy, get out of that cage!"
Marge Simpson: "Hip hip--"
Lisa Simpson answered: "We don't want your cookies."
"Adding a new character is often a desperate attempt to boost low ratings.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Who cares? This is the best part of the week!"
"So, how do the boys like Springfield Elementary?" Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "Gil, listen. We've been very patient, but I want you to..."
Homer Simpson responded "I said shut your ugly face, Flanders."
"Funyuns?! Little Debbies?!" Ned Flanders responded.
"Young man, I look at you and I see myself." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Any thoughts on how we're gonna get there?" Bart Simpson replied.
"Not so easy to keep your mouth shut now, is it, Flanders?", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Maybe you should let Dad read your book before you submit it to publishers."
Lisa Simpson said: "Wow, my first published article. Although someone else's name is on it."
"Homer, I can honestly say that was the best episode of Impy and Chimpy I've ever seen." Ned Flanders answered.
"Why you little...", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "That's more like it. I'm looking for..."
"I've used up all these records.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Not to worry, at this school, we've got a clean slate. In fact, I'm establishing my cred right now." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "You watch your mouth you little Smartass."
Bart Simpson replied "No! We have to reach people whose opinions actually matter. And I think I know how. Why don't we..."
"I've got some textbooks, but without state approved syllabi and standardized testing my education can only go so far.", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "That's right."
"Hey, y'all ready to party?", Bart Simpson answered.
"BABY, GLOVE SLAP..." Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, I don't think I need any... Oh, wow..." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "There's no future in that!"
Homer Simpson: "Beware of el Taco Belly!"
Homer Simpson answered "What for?"
"Meh." Bart Simpson said.
"Computers, right? Our story begins with a spunky little spitfire named Eliza Simpson.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Yeah. Ahhh!", Bart Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner: "Unfortunately, at the same moment, my mother was in the girls' lavatory making use of the facilities."
Homer Simpson answered "Lucky."
Homer Simpson responded "I did! I made a foot rest."
"Psst! Homer!" Ned Flanders answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "My God. I've lost him."
"Maybe I'll just keep these.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Hey Flanders? Can your God do that?"
Homer Simpson replied "Okay, you leave me no option."
"The rearview mirror was invented in nineteen eleven for just this reason...", Homer Simpson said.
"Lisa, I'm home! Time for me to read to you!" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "Aren't you going to watch the rest of your cute cartoons?"
Lisa Simpson replied: "Can we do it this week?"
"Yes, sir." Homer Simpson responded.
"Nothing evil. That's exactly the kind of radical thinking I need! It's a deal." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, what? What is it?"
"Moe, we've been complaining about him every night for eight years." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Here car. Here, boy."
"Table Five, Table Five..." Homer Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders said "Thank you all for coming."
Bart Simpson: "Lisa insulted us, Mom. She thinks she's so great. I'll dance on her grave."
Marge Simpson responded "And that's why I didn't win!"
Bart Simpson said "Mom, I want to be a rock star."
Lisa Simpson said "He's right here."
"Fine. I'll give back the Oscars I stole from the lobby.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Well, actually, Lisa, these balls are synthetic.", Ned Flanders said.
Seymour Skinner replied: "I-- You know, Bob, your voice would be perfect for the school's morning announcements."
Marge Simpson answered: "You know, you're right. This truly was the best vacation ever. Now, let us never speak of it again."
Homer Simpson: "Woo hoo!"
"Hiya." Homer Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak replied: "Yeah well, I sweat blood."
Homer Simpson said: "You always find an excuse not to make out."
Homer Simpson answered "Oh, that Yodel was so good. I wish I was eatin' it right now."
Bart Simpson: "Probably a scar, too."
"Oh, please don't. For me?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Maybe you could be a dunce, Father." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Would I!"
"Stupid King of Troy. I think I speak for all the Greeks when I say this war has gone on for too long.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Hey, monsieur. Aidez-moi! Ces deux types chez qui j'habite me fait travailler jour et nuit, ils ne me donnent pas a manger, ils me fait dormir sur la terre, ils mettent d'antigel dans le vin, et ils sont donne mon chapeau rouge a l'ane." Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered "That's not fair... Why is Bart getting a present and I'm getting chewed out?"
"No more TV! We're gonna get some fresh air, and visit the Museum... of Television.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "You idiot! He was the most talented one!"
"Go Mom! You can do it!" Homer Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "/ SEE MY VEST, SEE MY VEST / MADE FROM REAL GORILLA CHEST / FEEL THIS SWEATER, THERE'S NO BETTER / THAN AUTHENTIC IRISH SETTER... / SEE THIS HAT, T'WAS MY CAT / MY EVENING WEAR, A VAMPIRE BAT / THESE WHITE SLIPPERS ARE ALBINO / AFRICAN ENDANGERED RHINO... / GRIZZLY BEAR UNDERWEAR / TURTLES NECKS, I'VE GOT MY SHARE / BERET OF POODLE ON MY NOODLE, / IT SHALL REST... / TRY MY RED ROBIN SUIT / IT COMES ONE BREAST OR TWO... / SEE MY VEST, SEE MY VEST, SEE MY VEST / / LIKE... MY... LOAFERS? / FORMER... GOPHERS... / IT WAS THAT OR / SKIN MY CHAUFFEURS"
Homer Simpson said "They get donuts?"
"Lousy teachers.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "What?"
"Marge, I'm sorry. I wish I could afford a better place.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "They're fighting in the car again."
"Yes, but I'm funnier than the cocktail napkins.", Seymour Skinner replied.
"Sold! Sucker." Homer Simpson answered.
"What about mimes?", Homer Simpson replied.
"You're dumping me." Bart Simpson answered.
"Appear in Summer Stock Play..." Bart Simpson responded.
"But Dad, you can't cram garbage under Springfield forever.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Bart, do you know how many trees died to make those menus?" Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Ohhhh!"
"Woo! You go, Zorro!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Guess what, everyone?! My great uncle Boris died and left us his old country house. There's only one catch they say - it's haunted. But I'm sure we can prove him wrong by spending the weekend there."
Bart Simpson replied "Crib! Crib! I'm a baby!"
"I knew I had to act fast." Moe Szyslak replied.
Ned Flanders responded: "Now, there's no need to actually whip 'em. We can put the sound in later."
"That is not a worm." Homer Simpson responded.
"Mmm, that's good Yaqui... Okay, that night we camped out under the stars..." Moe Szyslak replied.
Lisa Simpson replied: "No, guys... it was me."
"Ooh, and a racecar bed...that really races!", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Hm. Usually that ends the dream."
"I can't go along with this, Homer." Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "I am so sick of that song!"
"I can't make it in today, Mr. Smithers. I have Smallpox... Well, it wasn't wiped out in my house." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "That's disgusting. And besides, when a woman loves a man, it doesn't matter that a crocodile bit off his face."
Homer Simpson responded: "Excuse me. I have to make a call."
Homer Simpson replied "If, uh, that happens, are we still charged for the entire semester?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Why you..."
Lisa Simpson said: "Ring."
Homer Simpson said "I know. I'm a character. Now a little beer music to get in the mood."
"It's for you, Puss Bag!" Moe Szyslak said.
"Yes, master.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Well, I'm gonna try anyway." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "You know son, my dad used to take me down to Johnson's Hardware. Old man Johnson knew everything about fixin' stuff. When they built this place, he hung himself."
Bart Simpson responded: "I'd give my brother everything I have! He could be the race car in Monopoly! Monopoly! The race car!"
Lisa Simpson replied "Don't you serve anything that's even remotely Japanese?"
"Let me see that." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Me neither. Oh my God! I took the salesman's pen. I'll be right back.", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered "Now, last but not least, your present, Homie."
"You cost me my only friends! You ruined my life!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "I'm outside. I got away with it! I'm free!"
Lisa Simpson replied "It is! Tenor Andrea Bocelli recorded an entire song on his back."
Moe Szyslak replied "You are not my friends. To me you're just mouths drinkin' beers!"
Homer Simpson answered "It's all thanks to our anonymous tipster. But who are you, and why did you tip us off?"
Marge Simpson said "Homie, I'm a little worried. Do you know there were no customers between two and four?"
"Nope. / Not me. / Do we even still have that thing?" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "No Marge!!"
Homer Simpson replied "Hey, I'd do anything for a sweet intelligent mammal, by which I mean you."
"Kids, stop exploiting your father. Homie, why don't you lie down and relax." Marge Simpson responded.
"Quiet, you." Bart Simpson answered.
"The only tummy ache is in my head. I can't stop wondering who my real father might be.", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "Dar-ryl, Dar-ryl."
"Oh, it's not so bad..." Bart Simpson replied.
"Down.", Homer Simpson responded.
"This is your fault, with your non-threatening Bobby Sherman-style good looks. No girl could resist your charms.", Homer Simpson said.
"Shoo! Get outta here!", Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "Dad! Wake up! Wake up! Wake up!"
Homer Simpson: "C'mon! Open! I want what's in you!"
"Yes, but do you need one?", Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "Do we have any food that wasn't brutally slaughtered?"
Lisa Simpson: "Mom! Dad! Bart and Stampy are gone!"
Marge Simpson responded "Homer, do you have an explanation for this bill?"
Lisa Simpson said: "Only two. I checked."
"Whoa, you've got my number on that one, buddy! This is a smart group." Homer Simpson answered.
"No. No valentine for you, Nelson.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Grampa, could you do something?" Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "L.T., thank God you're here! The government's putting subliminal messages in your videos!"
"That's a bill.", Bart Simpson said.
"Mom! You wouldn't dare." Lisa Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak said "Homer, hey, you should not drink to forget your problems."
Bart Simpson responded "Now, listen up. When I come back tomorrow you'd better have cowboy suits. And they'd better be adorable."
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "I'm afraid it's not that simple. As punishment for your desertion, it's company policy to give you the plague."
"Can't I at least incite further...", Bart Simpson answered.
"That's true, but I was only in there to get directions on how to get away from there." Seymour Skinner replied.
"Your house? That's crazy talk!", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Don't worry. I'll protect you... Little dude."
Homer Simpson said: "I do!"
"One thing at a time, Bart." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Oh, that's my boy.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "I know how you like 'em, Homer."
"Is a falcon's training leash called a creance? Yes!", Bart Simpson said.
"No! You're twisting my words!" Seymour Skinner replied.
"They've already told the skybox fans who's gonna win.", Marge Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner said: "Yes, but I was hoping they didn't know that."
"But you still have our passports, right?" Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Even mine?"
"Uh oh, wet cement!", Bart Simpson replied.
"Can this day get any worse?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Next!" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "If stuff starts flying, just turn your head."
"It's Groundskeeper Skinner now.", Seymour Skinner responded.
Moe Szyslak responded "You gotta be kiddin' me. Like what?"
"You might hear from your friends or co-workers that Apu isn't living at home anymore.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Flanders, I am a patient, reasonable, handsome man. But even I have my limits. Now beat it!"
Bart Simpson replied "So why'd they send you to juvie? Shoplift a scrunchie?"
Bart Simpson: "Is not."
"So whoever it is who wrote that note wants to meet us here tonight?" Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "There! Isn't that a lot better? Now you can do whatever you want. But don't mess up the house."
"Well, this sounds like bad news." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Dirty love. I mean, thirty love. I mean, anyone for penis? I'll just get the shuttlecock."
Homer Simpson responded "Absolutely. We had stopped in for a quick prayer, when... Bart, would you call him a crazy man?"
"No. There is absolutely nothing else to tell you about this house.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Just wait." Bart Simpson said.
"I'm also fat!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Uh-oh."
"That's nice, Bart. You know your father wanted to be a policeman for a little while. But they said he was too heavy.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Well, excuse me, for being a powerful yet careless lover."
"A little's not gonna be enough, honey pie." Bart Simpson replied.
"Keep guessing..." Homer Simpson replied.
"I wish I'd never met you!" Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "I'd act like I'm interested, but inside I'd be bored."
"Homer.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Woo-hoo!"
"What's the point? There's no more money. Unless you've got some magic new source of revenue." Seymour Skinner answered.
"Thanks... uh... Say, are you guys crooks?", Bart Simpson responded.
"I found the missing puzzle piece. It was under Maggie's eyelid!" Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "Don't worry, boy. We'll get some grub. Even if we have to pay for it."
"Sorry, lady. I know you. You're Kim Basinger" Homer Simpson said.
"Lisa, I've just arrived at the Springfield dump. A lot of things get thrown out here. Sometimes, even a human being. Somewhere in this pile of twisted metal and soiled mattresses..." Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "Okay, but I know funny."
"I've learned my lesson!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Hear, hear!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"MILHOUSE IS TEACHING ME / TO SPEAK SO PRETTILY / I'LL QUIP SO WITTILY / WHEN I'M IN ITALY...", Lisa Simpson responded.
"And what will I cook that soup on?", Marge Simpson replied.
"Just hope the kids didn't hear us." Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "Oh... Adil's a very sweet boy."
Bart Simpson responded: "I'll just hang out next to girls' juvie."
Homer Simpson replied: "So, that's our story. Oh wait, we were attacked by a giant whale. He turned out to be pretty cool."
"Well, I really gave him no choice. Y'see..." Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns said "Canary M. Burns."
"Where?" Marge Simpson answered.
"Okay." Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Lisa, I don't know what you're doing, but it's very strange and your father is trying to worry."
Homer Simpson replied: "Santa?"
"So many horses. I don't know who to vote for. Can't I just bet that all the horses will have a fun time?", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Jubilee!"
"Oh, all right. Good-bye, sweetheart, have a nice trip.", Marge Simpson said.
"To Moe -- From Your Secret Admirer." Moe Szyslak responded.
Bart Simpson said "What's happening to me? Maybe I'm not a kid anymore."
"Well, I don't know... it's a lot of work." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "Homer, tell your child what you bought when I sent you to town to get some insurance."
"Ned, I'm an American tourist. I'm just here to see some sights, try goofy new food and spread some shekels with my Carolina Panthers credit card.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Yeeesch! This house stinks! You're not just putting the new newspapers over the old ones, are you?", Marge Simpson answered.
"Yeah I was on today. Scary on." Homer Simpson replied.
"What's brunch?" Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "C'mon, c'mon, we all have to pitch in and eat your father's share."
Marge Simpson said: "Stop saying things!"
"According to this book, the first thing we need is a setting." Lisa Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Hello?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Do do do do doo..."
"Yeah, lemonade is good.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "All the best bands are affiliated with Satan."
"Stradivarius Cain!" Homer Simpson replied.
"You, too." Marge Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Sure, you can have a health plan... or, two donuts a day..."
"Then why are you running the obstacle course?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Really? On top and underneath?"
Homer Simpson said: "We're doomed!"
Bart Simpson responded: "Yeah? Why would they believe you?"
Marge Simpson said: "Mm-hmm."
Marge Simpson: "But, Homer, it's so expensive."
Homer Simpson responded "I guess it's just how I was raised."
"He's dressed without flair.", Moe Szyslak said.
Marge Simpson answered "I wish they had never invented fried cheese!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Ah, yes. Ghastly business, that."
Ned Flanders said: "That is one bitchin' bike!"
"There we go. Clean... and white... and soft.", Marge Simpson said.
"The cooling tank just blew and they're taking Lenny to the hospital." Homer Simpson answered.
"Mr. Cowell, would you like some band candy?", Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said "Hi."
"Nobody likes a tattletale, honey.", Homer Simpson replied.
"What else do they got?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Hurry, hurry up! I have to pee!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Ooh, it's dinner time!"
"Boy, they sure love soccer here." Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "Oh, Homer. How many times do I have to fluff your pillow?"
Homer Simpson responded "Hmm?"
"Oh, now you're dragging hot dogs into this. Real classy, Marge. Real classy.", Homer Simpson said.
"Look, that's our ship!", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "I tackled a loafer at work today."
"I've been waiting twenty-five years for this moment.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Hey look, there's Copacabana beach. The heart and soul or Rio." Bart Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak replied "Alright, alright. I'll split the million with Homer. Jeepers, Mary and Joseph. I sleep with a chick once, it costs me a half a million bananas."
"Go, Seminoles!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Hey, Moe, can you keep a secret?" Homer Simpson said.
"But..." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "Hello Moe?"
"...and isn't in any history books..." Lisa Simpson said.
"We'll let the authorities sort that out." Ned Flanders answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "Why are we stopping here?"
Marge Simpson replied "No you're not. He's really not."
Lisa Simpson answered "Well, it was written in 1845. Maybe people were easier to scare back then."
"Those dirty rotten..." Homer Simpson answered.
"You told!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "God bless those pagans."
"Hey, hey, who pulled the pin on this one?" Moe Szyslak answered.
Marge Simpson said "Hello?"
"Oh Homie. I'm so sorry.", Marge Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak: "Homer, I'm so sorry. Have a free beer."
"So if I turn my radio on at nine o'clock..." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "Americanize this, my good man."
"The boat's going sideways!", Marge Simpson said.
"Woo hoo!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Take it to the hoop, Selma."
Marge Simpson answered: "I know."
Marge Simpson answered: "Krusty, we're desperate here. We need you to turn your campaign around."
"Oh frabjulous day! Calloo Callay!", Moe Szyslak responded.
"This isn't over, Becky. I know where you live: My house!", Marge Simpson said.
"I guess -- they're Homer's expired pain medications." Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Mom, I think there's a danger this time they might lose the Ponderosa!"
Bart Simpson said "I lied about being kidnapped. The whole thing was a hoax."
"Dad, look!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "Lisa! You bought this?"
"May I sit there?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak answered: "Uh, Barney, this is a five-minute chip. Eh... it's worth a Pabst."
Ned Flanders responded: "Hey, Homer!"
"Attention starstruck fools!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "I don't recall that."
Marge Simpson answered "I feel kind of... melancholy..."
"Lord, this town may have turned its back on you, but not the Flanderses. Wherever we are, you'll have your church. Are you with me, boys?", Ned Flanders answered.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Enough! While you morons are canoodling, someone's burgling my miscellania!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "I'm sorry, but the team all got food poisoning at the pre-rally egg salad sandwich party. Luckily, as equipment manager, I... was not... invited! Woo-hoo!"
"Smithers... wait!" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "Uh, uh, you punch really good!"
Lisa Simpson said: "What could be more exciting than the savage ballet that is pro football?"
Bart Simpson responded: "All right. It's giant slayin' time..."
Homer Simpson responded: "This is my lucky day."
Homer Simpson said: "Well... I guess this thing does look pretty silly. Let's all take off our sandwich boards and watch TV."
"That's it. I'm blowing off the dance. This is the biggest thing that's happened to me since chocolate milk." Bart Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner replied "Grease yourself up and go in, you-you... guff-speaking work-slacker."
"The Fox network has sunk to a new low." Lisa Simpson said.
"How was your day? Do you really want to know?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Shhh. We're trespassing. And some of these farmers have pitchforks.", Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner: "Well that's too bad, because many of you will not be going."
"Hey ho Simpson.", Ned Flanders said.
"Dad... I need help... Please...", Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "Well, there's certainly no greater accomplishment than fathering three beautiful children."
"Homie, please come inside." Marge Simpson said.
"Comin' through!", Bart Simpson responded.
"No! No, not the iodine! Burn the germs off with a torch, amputate my arm, but not the -- YAAAUUUGGGHHH!", Bart Simpson replied.
"A koi pond! It's beautiful. Oh you sweet, wonderful man-child. I finally have a peaceful place to sit and hear my own thoughts.", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "Great, Mom. Now I lost track of my pump count. One pump, two pump..."
"Of course! It's simplicity itself! I won't forget this, Simpson. Now return to your work, and tell no one of what transpired here." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"What's the matter, Homer?", Moe Szyslak responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Stupid spider... afraid of dying."
Seymour Skinner: "SWEET ADELEINE."
Ned Flanders answered "Easy, Ned, don't breathe in."
"It's hopeless. I can't make up for ten years of goofing off in one day. I need two days!" Bart Simpson answered.
"Well, what do ya got him peein' on?", Moe Szyslak responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "It was amazing how fast Dad betrayed his vision of a realistic show."
Homer Simpson: "Who are you guys?"
"Even better! They're bags of seeds, so that you can plant a garden and watch it grow." Lisa Simpson answered.
"I only eat the clown heads." Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded: "Looks like the red light's on."
"Homer, what are you doing?" Marge Simpson responded.
"I've got two teens in a public park goin' at it like a couple of gibbons in the back seat of Noah's Ark!" Ned Flanders replied.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Oh no we won't!"
"I've had a lovely evening, Mr. Simpson.", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "Faced with a problem like this, I wonder, what would Oprah do?"
Marge Simpson said: "Ready for breakfast, Doctor Smith?"
Homer Simpson responded "I don't know Marge, I can't be expected to keep track of all my wheelings and dealings."
"We are so screwed!", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "I liked that story 'cause I was a Judge."
"Wait, wait, Michael! You go sit at the piano and I'll boil some coffee." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "You're done. Next!"
Lisa Simpson said "Hey! Ah! Stop it, you creep!"
"I know what must have happened:", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "I said, pipe down, Amtrak."
"Dad, the bill's only a hundred." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. Lisa, honey -- are you saying you're never going to eat any animal again? What about bacon?"
Moe Szyslak answered: "Clean house, no silverfish... I coulda been very happy here."
"Oh, it's a great team, Kent... never gave up hope... I want to thank Jesus... and say hi to my special lady Marge... We did it, baby! Wooooo! Woooooo!", Homer Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders answered: "Well, if I were a member, we could use my rumpus room as our lair."
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, it's a great hat. No one's questioning the hat."
"Mm hmm! Open as a tomb on Easter. Now, what can I ding dong diddily do for ya?", Ned Flanders said.
"Thank you, Lord! It's back the way it was." Homer Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders answered: "Sweet dreams, my new best friend."
"The entire town turned out to jeer me. Me, whose velvet breeches their lizard lips had so often joylessly smooched." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "I'll stay here, but I'm gonna think about products I might like to purchase."
"Yeah, honey. Even if you don't succeed in the business world, you're still the world's greatest wife and mother." Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, wait. Here we go...", Bart Simpson answered.
"Look, look, Marge. I can't afford it. When I can afford to pay for it, I will. But I can't, so I'm not going to.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Is he still out there?" Homer Simpson replied.
"'Cause in a head-to-head battle, the one with the most brains wins!", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Mom, that was incredible!" Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Wow! Look at all these toilets. And just inches from your bed. Talk about luxury."
Marge Simpson said "You got a letter too, Bart."
"Well, enjoy it while you can. Everything changes when you hit the big one-oh. Your legs start to go... candy doesn't taste as good anymore --" Bart Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner responded: "Good Lord! Bart's mooning the flag!"
C. Montgomery Burns said "Smile! Like this!"
"No, I'm sorry.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Sure."
Lisa Simpson said: "Oh, I really need one more day, Mom. I think the germs are regrouping. Now for breakfast I'll have hash browns, coffee and a short stack. And would it kill you to heat up the syrup?"
"Oh, Dad's gonna die and it's all my fault! I really need a good talkin' to." Bart Simpson said.
"Edna, I'm gonna pop you a question and... I hope the answer is yes." Seymour Skinner replied.
"Mr. G. K. Willington is not who he seems. In fact, he's someone you all know quite well!" Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "What's with the Canadian flag on your backpack?"
"Whoa, whoa, whoa, what are you doin'? That leads to the daycare center. You take the freight elevator.", Moe Szyslak answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Youth? I hate them. Secondly..."
"Wait a minute..." Homer Simpson replied.
"No way!", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Sometimes you gotta go where everybody knows your name."
"Hello, police? Are you sitting down? Good. I wish to report a robbery!", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "I can't believe we're never going to have another child..."
Marge Simpson replied: "You've been through a traumatic experience. Are you sure you wanna go to work today?"
Bart Simpson replied "No way! You can't give my dog away! I'll set fire to my hair! I'll rip up all my clothes! I'll put sugar in the gas tank!"
Moe Szyslak replied "What the?! I've been writin' creepy letters to that?!"
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Or one of these other dining clubs? Look at them circling me like I'm Cinderella, belle of the ball!"
Homer Simpson said "Is that what I think it is?"
Moe Szyslak said "Would you look at me. I'm the happiest bartender in the world."
"You can't leave, I'm your ride home!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Okay, okay I'll let him. But then I get a chipwich, okay?"
Bart Simpson responded "Just testing."
"Well, maybe if we snuggle, it might rattle some memories loose.", Homer Simpson replied.
"I'm just trying to liven things up around here. These people need to ride motorcycles and play rockin' electric guitars like the old people on TV." Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "Seymour, this is an absent slip signed by Nelson's mother. And this is Nelson's English homework. Notice the identical elongated loops on the d's."
"I don't care if the sink shoots sludge, we're having a party.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Now to seal you in for safety."
Moe Szyslak said: "That's right -- and business has never been better."
"Dad! We don't watch that show anymore!" Bart Simpson answered.
"So we transplant the town. We're just gonna trash the new Springfield, too." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Well, we're not going out to help him. We have no idea what hideous creatures might be out there!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Uninsured! Uninsured!"
"Stupid books. Hey, a cupcake." Bart Simpson replied.
"Homer, whatever you done to that little girl, you just gotta do something even nicer to win her back.", Moe Szyslak said.
"Yay!" Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "They're all about smugglers."
Bart Simpson replied: "Aw, this baby's wasted on an idiot like you. Where's Homer?"
Homer Simpson responded "Oh no! I don't have to listen to you. If I'm not on camera, you can't see me!"
"Well, perhaps. Smithers go to my office. In the third drawer of my desk are surgical tools and some ether..." C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Ah, here you go, precious. Now go off with your friends.", Marge Simpson said.
"Fine. Thank you.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Pony ride!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Merry Christmas, Mom!"
"The prosecution calls everyone in the world!", Seymour Skinner said.
"Dad, you can't judge a place you've never been to." Lisa Simpson said.
"That's not a knife. That's a spoon.", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "They're cheering, Grampa."
"Oh. Better yet.", Seymour Skinner answered.
Ned Flanders answered "You know, with all the energy we're puttin' into this sabotage thing, we coulda written sonnets for our wives, or learned to tango, or lovingly restored one of those antique..."
Lisa Simpson said "Ok. / Guess so. / Sounds good to me./ Let's go."
Bart Simpson: "Okay."
Homer Simpson said "Are you kidding? I work like a Japanese Beaver."
"Give it a little more gas.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "Playin' Hot Wheels."
Homer Simpson answered "Cars shaped like cupcakes!"
"Absolutely.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Here you go. Duff Adequate." Moe Szyslak replied.
"Ready. Set. Hut, hut!" Bart Simpson replied.
"Hello there, fellow Shelbyvillians.", Bart Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Imagine it, Smithers. Electrical lights and heaters running all day long."
Homer Simpson replied: "Once we get these cats out of the way it won't be too bad."
"Hello, Selma? Selma my dear? How are you? Uh-huh... uh-huh... uh-huh... Listen, shut up for a second. How would you like to marry Apu so he doesn't get deported?", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "What do I save?!"
"Ura Snotball?" Moe Szyslak responded.
"And stay in the living room. Don't go to their kids' room and watch a basketball game." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "How 'bout you, Gabbo?"
"Come on, come to life! I swear I'll be cool about it." Bart Simpson answered.
"He's the boy you love to hate.", Homer Simpson responded.
"You are.", Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied "Listen, Luke. It's my fault Clara got lost. I didn't know she was your sister, and I wanted you all to myself."
"Finally! I knew we could solve that maze using Tremaux's algorithm." Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Yeah, yeah, miracles are all around us. Now please, I am trying to hear the school closings."
"What's going on here? Is there a fondler in the neighborhood?", Marge Simpson responded.
"You wouldn't want what he's eating. It's mostly just snouts and entrails." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Maybe."
"A funny thing happens when you mix Mentos with Diet Coke...", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Whoa!"
"What?! I'm not even gonna dignify that with eye contact.", Homer Simpson said.
"But what if he chokes?" Marge Simpson said.
"Nah. Just park it." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "I talked to Dr. Hibbert today. He gave me a list of heart-smart foods."
"Yay, Dad!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "One, two, three, tug!"
Marge Simpson said: "I get fifty thousand dollars a hit -- how much do you make?"
"Ah, sitting with the employees. I guess this proves I'm their friend. You did get me something on an aisle, Smithers? I don't want to be surrounded by them.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"You're the camel." Homer Simpson responded.
"So, how are we related again?", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "Eh, either way."
"Wait, mine came back." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "GET LOST, YOU WASTE OF A MOUSTACHE!"
"I-I'd love to. Uh, uh let me check my schedule.", Moe Szyslak responded.
"He's washing his hands.", Homer Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns said "Mother of pearl. Call my lawyers!"
Marge Simpson replied "Heah you ah, Homah."
"Well, yeah. But God conned me out of sixty-five hundred bucks in car repairs." Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "Hey, do I hear a back rub?"
"Can you make it sound like girls askin' me?" Moe Szyslak answered.
Marge Simpson: "Homer, Moe and I are just work friends. You and I are... marriage friends."
"They lost? Those losers!" Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "I am so -ing embarrassed."
Homer Simpson said "Believe me, Marge, nothing bad could possibly come of this."
Bart Simpson responded "You're right, mom. I shouldn't let this bother me. I'm in television now. It's my job to be repetitive... my job, my job. Repetitiveness is my job. I am gonna go out there tonight and give the best performance of my life."
Homer Simpson said "What the? Pfft. Gibberish! Pure gibberish!"
Bart Simpson replied "Yeah, but..."
Marge Simpson responded "Oh, Lord."
"And Lenny, you get the drinks!" Moe Szyslak replied.
Lisa Simpson said "Yeah, I suppose so. Night Mom."
Bart Simpson replied "Oh, no! I'm going to preserve the evidence until Mom and Dad get home..."
"Oh no, it's Ralph! Just make some excuse.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Don't mind if I do."
Lisa Simpson answered: "You like Malibu Stacey, too?"
"Bart started it." Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Give her a break! Her husband was killed!"
Bart Simpson answered "Well, except for Chubsy-Ubsy over there."
"Oh, geez -- It's what's inside the house that's disgraceful -- drinking, gambling, and debauchery! It's right under our noses -- a secret house of burlesque!", Marge Simpson said.
"It was magic. He took a Cockney flower girl and turned her into my fair lady." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Homer, do something! The ceiling's not a safe place for a young baby!"
Marge Simpson replied: "You go ahead, I'll stay here. If I get something on this handbag, I won't be able to return it."
Seymour Skinner: "Sorry, Simpson. Take her down!"
Moe Szyslak responded "Who the hell am I talkin' to?"
"What's the big idea? You covered up my paper." Bart Simpson replied.
"I'll bet it's because of that horrible ivory dealer, Dad." Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "How religious can you be if you're pregnant?"
Homer Simpson said: "This whole deal is scientifically proven. The Book of Revelation has four hundred and four verses... add the number of people at The Last Supper..."
Homer Simpson replied "Woo hoo!"
"Well, this could be quite enlighten--", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Oh, it's just a mob war. Go back to sleep, Honey.", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "You ate his yogurt in the car."
"Me too, son." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered: "I would have guessed low."
"Whoa, whoa, whoa, who said anything about a jar?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Marge. Come here."
Marge Simpson responded: "Amazing!"
"Oh, honey, please come home. I need you. It's dark in the house and I'm hungry and lonesome. And there's no one there to hear my various witty remarks." Homer Simpson said.
"And Ted Koppel is a robot.", Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak responded "Get in here, boozy. You're late for your drunkening."
Homer Simpson answered "Here."
Lisa Simpson replied "Dad, there are other wipes besides star-wipes."
Homer Simpson said: "I thought it was about her boobs."
"Wouldn't it be great to live right here at the truck stop? Watching all the people come and go. You could have a different best friend every day.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Cable. It's more wonderful than I dared hope."
"This isn't very scary." Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "Oooh, your third bowl... I think you may be on the mend. Is there anything else I can get you?"
Bart Simpson responded "Don't you mean present?"
"What's that?", Marge Simpson said.
"I'm riding a unicycle with my pants down. This should be every boy's dream.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Could this get any worse?" Ned Flanders said.
"Aw, come on, Moe. Think of all you have to offer besides money.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "I hereby declare Thanksgiving dinner officially over!"
"How many hairs on my head? Without looking!", Homer Simpson replied.
"The most comfortable ergonomic chair there is.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "I'm giving you your wish: to be a real boy."
"What did they do?", Bart Simpson replied.
"That's all I got.", Bart Simpson responded.
"S'up, sis?" Bart Simpson replied.
"I guess.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Wouldn't want to run into him in a dark alley" Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded "Wow, what a perfect scene. This was so worth it..."
"Well, okay. I got an A on my vocabulary test." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Open your mouth, and close your eyes, and you will get a big surprise.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "Part two..."
"What are you doing in my corpse-hatch?", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Me? But you were doing such a great job."
"Yes, Dad.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Marge, this is perfect for both of us! It's got bowling for me and sweeping for you!"
"Dad, I want to be a daredevil." Bart Simpson said.
"Who's gonna play Radioactive Man?" Bart Simpson responded.
"M-E-H. Meh." Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Hey, no tagbacks."
Marge Simpson responded: "You can get drunk when we get home."
"Model?" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh, Homie."
"Ah, yes.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson answered "Sorry."
Homer Simpson answered: "What will you guys use when there aren't newspapers anymore?"
"Get your hands off my future!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Let's not and say we did." Ned Flanders answered.
"I SAW YOU LAST NIGHT AT THE SPELLING BEE...", Bart Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders responded: "It's all gone. Everything... gone-diddily-on."
Bart Simpson answered: "Not bad. We had pizza, cake, and then sang songs with Nelson's Gramma. But, it was a one-time thing, and now I'll never see him again."
Homer Simpson responded "I wish I had Amoria Phlebitis."
C. Montgomery Burns replied "No you may not!"
"No! Homer Simpson does not lie twice on the same form. He never has and he never will.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Get back in the garage, old man.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Dad! What a nice surprise.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"That is good because eating animals is wrong." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Those are pretty cute..." Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "It looked a lot better in my memory. But do you know what, Smithers? I will find Lilah and win her back... I'll just check with the old gang. Hemingway!"
Homer Simpson answered "But first, m'lady, let me escort you to Heaven -- the fancy Swiss chocolate store on level three!"
"Hello? Oh, hello, Principal Skinner... No, Bart has never been to Hong Kong... Goodnight.", Marge Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "All right, let's cut to the chase. My board has given me permission to go up to... twelve goats."
"Shuut-uup...", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, man. This is the most exciting thing I've seen since Haley's Comet collided with the moon!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Dad, isn't this stealing?" Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "I quit."
"It's important for me to see you take at least one step. Then maybe we can have some memories together that aren't just a nauseous blur.", Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "I'd love to -- Partner!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Every car's been harvested!"
"It's no use. I guess I'll have to leave all my money to the Egg Advisory Council. Eggs have gotten quite a bad rap lately, you know, Smithers.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Ha ha, you love me."
Homer Simpson answered: "C'mon. You shouldn't be spending your last hours of bachelorhood in a dump like this."
Moe Szyslak replied: "Hey, Barney. What's with the glum face? You glum or somethin'? Huh, Glummy?"
Homer Simpson answered "This gun cost me everything. My wife, my kids... everything but my precious, precious gun."
Ned Flanders replied: "No, I-I mean just the Flanders family."
"We've bought this camera because strange things have been going on at our house in the dead of night." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "Eighty-nine percent of Americans would rather have a shoehorn than a computer."
Bart Simpson answered: "Because we're kids. Kids! Maybe that's the answer."
"You can't make that stuff up!" Bart Simpson replied.
"That's odd. The outside looks like a tomato, but the inside is brown." Marge Simpson responded.
"Fine, fine! Homer! Give him a party!", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Well, Homer, I have to admit, you created something people really love. You truly are an artist."
Homer Simpson said: "Wellity, wellity, wellity..."
"Okay." Homer Simpson responded.
"Go on." Homer Simpson replied.
"Mom, please don't do that.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "C'mon, Pie Man, hit him! That's the only reason anyone came to this stupid thing!"
"What did the aliens look like?", Ned Flanders responded.
"His clowning around is putting me at ease.", Moe Szyslak replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "Remember, you're vulnerable to Kryptonite!"
Homer Simpson answered "My mother's dead."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Hey, Karie."
Marge Simpson said: "No, Homer, being an artist was my dream. But now, without even trying, you've accomplished more in a week than I have in my whole life."
"I'm sure you won't enjoy it. There's nothing about bowling in the play... Oh wait, there is.", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Come on, Mom, the stores just invented this holiday to make money."
Homer Simpson answered: "It's all gonna thaw!"
"We've squabbled over money before -- never this much -- I mean, I know this is different than that time I washed your pants with the twenty in the pocket, but I--" Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Stop it! Stop it!!! I'll watch the commercials!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Wheee!"
Homer Simpson said "That's my girl!"
Bart Simpson replied "A shiny new dime!"
"Sounds good to me!" Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "There's Bart's ring!"
Lisa Simpson answered "Centered. Centered. You know where the four states come together?"
Homer Simpson: "Marge, I'm only human. Now look, here's what we're gonna do. We'll unload the kids on Patty and Selma Saturday night. And then we'll eat until they kick us out of the place. Just like old times."
"This is nuts!" Moe Szyslak replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "Look! Grampa's a gorilla, Sideshow Mel is Spiderman, and Nelson's a raccoon..."
Homer Simpson said "Now, a simple Sunday drive will reveal the hidden wonders of our hometown!"
Homer Simpson replied "Forgot my keys."
Seymour Skinner: "Hakala makta towhoo abowhoo."
"Get out of the car, Homer.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "This means war! Boy, bring my toupee!"
Homer Simpson responded "Start the ride!"
"I asked for light starch on my nightcap!", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"I never heard Maggie laugh like that before." Bart Simpson replied.
"Oh, it's you." Bart Simpson said.
"Garbage! What matchbook art school did you flunk out of, you ham-fisted, nearsighted house painter? Smithers, throw this on the dung heap.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Homer Simpson said "All right, then."
"Homer, it's just a coincidence, like that guy named Anthony Michael Hall who stole your car stereo." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "I know you are, but what am I?"
"Way to go, officer!", Bart Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner said: "Bart Simpson on the side of law and order? Has the world gone topsy-turvy?"
"Though thy crest be shorn and shaven, thou --", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Well, okay. Let's go."
Marge Simpson said: "How did that happen?"
"Stop burning!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Three fifteen p.m., May 18th! That's when the Rapture will be!", Homer Simpson replied.
"She changed the lyrics... for me!", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Mom, I don't think this will fool anybody." Lisa Simpson answered.
"We can't take his money." Marge Simpson replied.
"Putting away groceries -- it's like unwrapping presents from yourself. Fruit roll-ups for Bart... beer roll-ups for Homer..." Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded "Homer... Homer..."
"AND THEY SHUT DOWN THE THINKHOLE..." Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Oh my, I hope that rug was Scotchguarded."
Homer Simpson said: "It's okay, Bart. This track has been abandoned since nineteen -- uh-oh."
Marge Simpson answered: "Hello, I'd like to talk to Dr. Monroe."
"I shouted until I was hoarse, but they couldn't hear me.", Seymour Skinner responded.
"What the... Oh, you want a rock fight, eh?", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "It's mac and cheese from the school cafeteria. The blandest food known to man."
Bart Simpson answered: "I know that I got you mad once in a while..."
"Oh c'mon... Mr. Burns is way more selfish.", Homer Simpson said.
"Man, a lion would not want to see that on his x-ray!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Bo-ring."
Moe Szyslak answered: "I wouldn't-a had none of this without you, kid."
"Here she is. And look how big she's gotten.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Oh, I can't believe...", Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "Please stop doing that."
"A banana!" Lisa Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns said "Indestructible..."
"Hey, Moe. Beer me!" Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders answered: "Well of course. Wait a minute. This is to adopt two of your kids."
"Luxury? This thermostat is just painted on.", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "Oh yes, you do. You just don't know it. The memory of a million drop-stitches flows in your veins."
Bart Simpson said "Oh, not bad. I'm starting to get the hang of the floor waxer."
"It's fun, but not as fun.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "But how?"
Marge Simpson said "No, I will not pay you five hundred dollars for sex!!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Mom, I'm glad you brought me here, but isn't it more important for a woman to be smart and powerful than beautiful?"
Marge Simpson: "Well, some general-interest magazines would be nice."
Homer Simpson responded "Unfortunately, son, we Simpsons sometimes have to bend the rules a little in order to hold our own."
"Hey, why don't we walk over to Grampa's and cheer up the old folks? That'll make us feel better." Lisa Simpson said.
"Oh, here we go with the add ons. No thanks.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Now get to school, boy."
Moe Szyslak answered: "My first credit card! Wow, the numbers are all bumpy-like."
Homer Simpson answered: "I just don't want to be alone."
"All I see is a pole. Maybe the flag fell off.", Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "Homer, he cheated you."
Homer Simpson answered: "I'm sorry about your face, Moe."
Marge Simpson said: "Mm-hm. Hey, why don't we do one of those craft kits Aunt Patty always gives us?"
Homer Simpson said: "Why won't you be art?!"
Marge Simpson answered "You're both coming home with us!"
"I don't want to be Chesty LaRue or Busty St. Claire!", Marge Simpson replied.
"You said he went bowling!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Gee, I thought you'd be some kind of creep. But you're actually a perfectly normal-looking--"
Marge Simpson answered "I knew we should have gone to the bird sanctuary."
Homer Simpson replied "And it was a baby ox."
Homer Simpson answered "Not my fault! Act of God! Act of God!"
Homer Simpson replied "Aw, Uncle Homer. Ned, since you've let me spend time with your family, I want you to get to know my family."
"Why you little...", Homer Simpson replied.
"All right, Lou! To freedom! Lou?" Bart Simpson responded.
"I have a favor to ask: please shut this place down and move away from Springfield.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Marge! Lisa! Maggie! Let's do this out in the yard where the neighbors can see!"
"Oh, it's for my Junior Achievers Club. We're trying to earn money by recycling.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Noooo!!"
"Now as you all know, Springfield's 200th birthday is only a week away. Every class will do its part to make our local bicentennial just as memorable as our National Bicentennial. Of course, you children are too young to remember that -- with the possible exception of Kearney." Seymour Skinner responded.
Lisa Simpson: "Well, I guess you and I are in charge now, Bart. But if we split the chores, I'm sure we can... what are you doing?!"
"Hoo mama! This is finally really happening. After years of disappointments with get-rich-quick-schemes, I know I'm gonna get rich with this scheme! And quick!", Homer Simpson replied.
"But, Dad, it's barbaric! How does killing a deer make you more of a man?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"A little?", Marge Simpson said.
"Oh my God, the hamsters!" Bart Simpson responded.
"Yeah, well, if you're sure that'll help...", Ned Flanders said.
Marge Simpson: "All those women are so impressive."
Homer Simpson replied: "Bonk! Bonk! Bonk! Ooh, corner! Ba-donk!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "My good-girl points!"
"Arr - see ya tomorrow." Homer Simpson replied.
"They mushed it all out of shape." Homer Simpson answered.
"What kind of pencil do we take again?" Bart Simpson said.
"I said NOW!" Homer Simpson answered.
"They were the children's idea. I tried to stop them." Seymour Skinner replied.
"Say, how's tomorrow for you?", Bart Simpson answered.
"Y- No.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Okay, okay... You want a shrimp cocktail?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Take that, vile fiend!", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "Yeah, why would you play chess through the mail when you can play chess through the internet, or preferably, not play chess at all?"
Homer Simpson said "Come along, Adil."
Bart Simpson answered "No Lis, I've got my eyes on the prize: the hood ornament I desperately want. For reasons I can no longer remember. The only thing stopping me is those lights."
Homer Simpson replied: "Ooh, I like this."
Marge Simpson responded: "That last one looked kinda good."
Homer Simpson answered "You can bring a bag of ice."
"That's a brilliant idea. Those TV writers are geniuses!", Bart Simpson answered.
"So, how 'bout a movie tomorrow night?", Ned Flanders responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "Eight."
"What? Why?", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "What a crazy room. There's no Albuquerque Isotopes. It's the Springfield... Ohhhh."
Bart Simpson said "Of course I don't, but other people do!"
Homer Simpson answered: "What did they say about my scalp?"
Bart Simpson answered "Twenty-five."
"Here... and here." Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "You grew tired of always being in my shadow."
"Because he's got something no gambler's ever had: a system.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Can I have a lolly-pop?" Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Oh now, how could someone as young as you know about twenty years ago?"
Bart Simpson: "Uh-oh."
Homer Simpson said: "I think we're in the clear."
Homer Simpson replied "Woo-hoo! Woo-hoo!"
"Bart, I don't care what Mom said. I think you should use this money to take her on a nice vacation.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Hey, where'd that painting come from?"
Marge Simpson said "Hey, look at this one. It's a poem. From Apu!"
"/ Push! /", Lisa Simpson said.
"Hey, this milk's broken." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "You lied dozens of times on our mortgage application."
Homer Simpson answered "I didn't think, I just acted."
Homer Simpson answered: "Room for one, please."
Lisa Simpson replied: "I won't give up. I have to know that somewhere in the muck and the mire and the Pittsburgh Poisoners, this family had a noble spark. And I will find it, even if I have to go back to Adam and Eve."
Lisa Simpson responded: "No further questions."
Ned Flanders replied "Hi-diddly-ho, pedal-to-the-metal-o-philes!"
Bart Simpson said: "Grampa, if you wanna go right..."
"CH-CH-CH-CHANGES / TIME TO CHANGE THE OIL / YEAH / CHANGES / DON'T WANNA BE AN OILY MAN /" Homer Simpson replied.
"Did you just vomit in that suit?", Marge Simpson replied.
"Well, that sounds great honey, but next Sunday I'm going bowling with Barney.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Food? I'm BLIND!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, no! I could never support the black arts." Ned Flanders responded.
Ned Flanders: "Bleh."
"MomDadWeSawSomethingInTheAtticAnd --" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "That dog has somebody's ham! This I gotta see!"
C. Montgomery Burns: "You're a travesty of a truke of an assistant."
"Okay. IS THAT ALL THERE IS? / IS THAT ALL THERE IS? / IF THAT'S ALL THERE IS / MY FRIEND / THEN LET'S KEEP DANCING...", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Oh sure... it's sorta on my way home. I can check up on the old girl. She probably landed a job at some fancy-schmancy prep school."
Lisa Simpson answered "No! I never cheated before, and I never will again! Oh, I almost wish I hadn't gotten away with it."
"We're low on funding, so Ralph Wiggum will be standing in as your lectern.", Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson responded: "I know! It's a hover car!"
Marge Simpson answered "Shouldn't we stop somewhere and ask for directions?"
"Best two out of three." Bart Simpson said.
Ned Flanders: "What the...? That's a pseu-diddily-eudonym."
Lisa Simpson: "I've got it! A mermaid falls in love with a boy on land... I'm a genius!"
Marge Simpson answered: "Thank you."
"Krusty the Clown!", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "Hey, Dad. What's the word from Planet Crackpot?"
"I'll tell you what. We're going to Scottsdale!", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "Gotta study! Gotta study! Gotta study!"
"Yes, b-b-but the poncho..." Homer Simpson replied.
"I don't know, I don't know! I'm sure I don't know!" Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "And this riptide is certainly nothing Daddy can't struggle against. Help! Help! Somebody, help!"
"Yeah, you better run!", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "Well, then. I guess I'll just have to get into the crawl space again."
"Hey, boyo -- how about a tall cool one? How about you, Greensleeves? Irishmen love to get drunk.", Homer Simpson replied.
"I say we do not categorically ban genetically modified organisms.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "Homer, Principal Skinner's here."
Lisa Simpson said "I'm in."
Homer Simpson answered: "And I can do everything I've always wanted!"
"What are you doing?" Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "Oh, baby!"
Lisa Simpson said: "Oh, I miss them."
Moe Szyslak answered: "Homer, it's Moe. Ah, look, some of the ghouls and I are a little concerned the project isn't moving forward."
"Cool. This is where Jaws eats the boat.", Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "Ooo, triple spicy barbequed stingray stuffed with pig organs!"
Homer Simpson: "But somehow our anniversaries didn't get better than that first one on the train."
Homer Simpson answered: "Sold!"
"It was good, but not great." Homer Simpson said.
"Christ is born, who's on my horn?" Ned Flanders answered.
"All right, I think we've heard just about enough from Mr. Newspaper today.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, Marge. You saved my life! I'm sorry I teased you. You're a really good cop. I'm proud of you." Homer Simpson said.
"Lisa, help!" Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Quickly, Smithers. Re-hydrate me."
"Lost sheep! Yes! Sis boom bah!" Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "Sounds great."
"Is it your laundry?", Marge Simpson said.
"Why do you assume that I won't pick something fun? Let's see... Oh, this looks very educatio--", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Well son, if you take responsibility for your actions, this could be the start of a better life for you." Ned Flanders said.
Homer Simpson replied "Mr. Burns, as we're running long, may we skip your speech and go directly to the questions?"
"Happy, happy New Year!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Hang on, here's a spot that still looks good." Bart Simpson answered.
"Right. Status update: Homer... is... watching... the...", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "But Bart doesn't speak French."
Moe Szyslak said: "What?"
Homer Simpson responded "Wealthy? Hey, remember the guy who drove you to school that one time. Eh?"
"Hm..." Homer Simpson answered.
"Object-Objection! He's not asking any questions!", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Confound it, man! I need your throat clear and ready for perjury.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Get that one! Faster! You got half time for the other ones. Oh, good. Oh no, that one's slowing up! Oh, good. Oh, that one's wobbling! Oh, up... you got that before I even said it."
Moe Szyslak answered "Uh, yeah, hi, I'm callin' for Reverend Lovejoy. Who is this?"
Marge Simpson responded: "What's brunch?"
Homer Simpson said "Oooh, premium -- wait a minute. Why?"
"I said drop it!", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Ohh, you want more syrup, honey?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Thank God we live in a country so hysterical over crime that a ten-year-old child can be tried as an adult." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Well, who could forget the name of a magnetic individual like you? Keep up the good work, Max." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Give me a kiss, Homie.", Marge Simpson answered.
"So Homer, fearing we would do the same, preemptively filed for divorce...", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Mmmm... re-circulated air."
Lisa Simpson answered: "He's in here. Safe and sound. Let me just staple that bag for you."
"All right!" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Receipts, ugh."
Bart Simpson answered: "Ahoy, this place bites."
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Well, I don't suppose the others will mind us starting the party early, Homie old boy. More champagne?"
"Football in the groin. Football in the groin." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "Ooh, does this mean you're going to start showering again?"
Bart Simpson replied "Ow!"
Homer Simpson said: "You guys are the best. I just want you to know when I'm holding Marge in my arms tonight, I'll be thinking of all of you."
"I'm more striking than lovely.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Okay. Five times nine.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "What man would want you now?"
Moe Szyslak replied "What? No. Why? What? Why? What have you heard? Are you implyin' I'm in some sort of financial trouble?"
Marge Simpson replied: "Bart, don't use language like that!"
"Welcome to our daycare center... all girls please move to cootie quarantine.", Bart Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Cheating for me? Good lord, Smithers, that's patently unnecessary. I'm one of the world's finest golfers! In all the years you've caddied for me, I've never lost a-- Oh."
Bart Simpson responded: "No, not yet! I have to have a summer romance!"
Homer Simpson said: "Stupid lawn chair!"
"Huh?" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Marge, up to now I thought your hair was blue cotton candy, but now I know it's a solid loaf of brain."
"I think Smithers picked me because of my motivational skills. Everyone always says they have to work a lot harder when I'm around." Homer Simpson responded.
"Springfield. My home town. Pretty little place. Although, even the Garden of Eden could use a nice cleansing rain now and then.", Ned Flanders replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Guilty as charged."
"Me and Nelson were best friends, and now I think he's gonna kill me!", Bart Simpson replied.
"Aw, he probably sees a mouse he wants to tear in half.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Now!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Huh?" Homer Simpson said.
"Watch out, Radioactive Man!!!!!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Okay." Homer Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns: "A million dollars! Smithers! I want this Homer J. Simpson fired!"
Bart Simpson replied "That was never my plan."
"I know a guy who did." Bart Simpson replied.
"So all the Simpson women turn out okay?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Mustn't crush. Mustn't kill. Made it!"
"I'm not afraid of you.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Well, this has been great. We should get home soon -- the game's going to be starting.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "But this is the east side."
Moe Szyslak responded: "Hey, hold on there! I'm countin' on that."
Marge Simpson responded "But there's only one way to find out!"
Bart Simpson replied "I'm looking at one right now."
Seymour Skinner said: "Now to check on the free-range children."
"Oh my God!" Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Uh-oh."
Homer Simpson said: "Do I know you?"
"Your kid flew five feet. That counts as a ride. Two bucks.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "Why, yes it is..."
Bart Simpson replied "Hey man, if the line's this long, it's gotta be good."
"Bart, if you don't want to have a babysitter, maybe you should stop being such a baby." Lisa Simpson answered.
"What are these things in the mashed potatoes?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Yeah! What about zero?", Bart Simpson replied.
"Gimme those.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Rubes."
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Ready, Mr. Burns?"
Homer Simpson said: "But you learned! You grew!"
C. Montgomery Burns: "So I wanted to kick up my heels and indulge my sweet tooth."
"Well, I'm back to square one.", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Whatcha watchin', honey?" Homer Simpson replied.
"This coaster.", Moe Szyslak said.
"Shut up, shut up, shut up!" Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "No, look! It's a ride that just opened and no one's there!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Dad? Please? For Sumadi?"
Homer Simpson said: "I'll just keep cutting till I hit something solid."
Bart Simpson replied: "Lis, just let me be!"
"Forget it, Homer. It's Chiro-town.", Moe Szyslak said.
Marge Simpson said: "Homer, get back here."
"We're sorry." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Homer! Just give him the donut. Once he has it, that will be the end of all this horror.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "I got the idea from the regular pen."
"Tell you what -- if we turn around, it'll feel like we're at the front of the line!", Ned Flanders said.
"Hey, Slimu!", Bart Simpson replied.
"Now she's dating Mr. Flanders. That's so romantic!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"So, plans for the weekend?", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "In 1804, President Jefferson..."
Lisa Simpson replied: "What does that mean?"
"I saw you talking to yourself.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "ALOHA'OE / ALOHA'OE... Hurry up, kids! We gotta get to the airport!"
Bart Simpson answered "Ow!"
"This stinks -- my room is the only one that faces that cemetery!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Well, what gets you through the day?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh hello, young man! Where's your father?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Sloth!" Ned Flanders replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "The dog and I got a credit card and..."
"Huh. Looks like you're really turning somethin' over in your mind there, Homer.", Moe Szyslak responded.
"I am not a butt." Bart Simpson said.
"Eh-Eh-Eh.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Yolo?" Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "We've gotta stop that traitor Apu."
"I can't believe we're descended from slave owners!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "Well, the obvious question is... why did I turn out so... academically superior... while Bart--"
"You insensitive jerk! Maybe this family would be better off without you!" Marge Simpson said.
"Hmm. Nobody likes jazz that much. Even the guy playin' it had to take drugs." Bart Simpson replied.
"But, you still, I mean... I suppose you're right." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Oh, that's so sad.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Run for your lives!"
"Okay. And now, it's intermission." Moe Szyslak responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "Fine. We'll divide the car into your side and my side. My leg is the barrier."
Homer Simpson answered "I'm gonna call you Lisa Junior. So, what do you do for fun around here?"
"Yeah, great workmanship.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Simpson, you can take your putrid mess far out of my sight, you songless land-whale!", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Please. Also, I think I'm getting a bedsore. What do you have to do to get turned around here?", Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak replied "Look, I really need these flowers, okay? I got a real tenuous hold on my girlfriend here... Hello? Hello?"
Marge Simpson responded "That was the last Springfield radio station. Now we just get Shelbyville talk radio."
Marge Simpson replied: "This could really spice up those pies I've been making..."
"Come on, shampoo! You can do it!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Yes there is! Woo hoo."
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Oh, no indeed! Now if I can just get my three million dollars back..."
"Ooo! Swab, swab, swab--", Homer Simpson replied.
"I'm saying goodbye to everything I ever loved. Ooh, a marshmallow!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Etch... sketch... etch... sketch..." Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "Aren't you forgetting something?"
Bart Simpson: "What's he gonna do?"
"Hello?" Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Still lookin' for a new faith?"
"Lady, where's my spy camera? Where's my spy camera? Where is my spy camera, lady? Where is my spy camera? Where's my spy camera? Where's my spy camera?" Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "'Cause I didn't want you to wreck your life. You got the brains and the talent to go as far as you want. And when you do, I'll be right there to borrow money."
Moe Szyslak answered "Take that! And that! And..."
"I've got everything you need.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"You're Glamorous Godfrey!", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Smithers, who is this barrel-chested go-getter?"
"Woo-Hoo!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, just think, Lis, that's our pickle brine burning Sideshow Mel.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Look out!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Smithers. What a marshmallow."
"Why at that little shop, right over... there." Homer Simpson answered.
"Arrrgh!" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Phew. I'm back."
"I kinda think it's cool. Just pretend you're in a zombie movie. Besides, this is just another place for me to wreak my special brand of hysterical havoc." Bart Simpson responded.
"Cheech and Chong are coming back to Springfield?", Homer Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak said "Marge, my customers don't like themselves. Therefore, they seek the darkness."
"You're in. Here's the sack.", Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner answered "Once. But by the time I got to a phone, my discovery had already been reported by Principal Kohoutek. I got back at him though. Him and that little boy of his. Anyway... that's why I always keep a cellular phone next to me. Now, this morning we're gonna be mapping a small square of sky that's thought to be empty. It's my hope that it's not."
Homer Simpson: "Ow! Where'd you learn to cut hair, idiot?"
Homer Simpson answered: "A church! Maybe the homeless people sleeping on the floor will have some ideas."
Homer Simpson replied "Y'ello."
Homer Simpson answered "I can't go on with this charade any longer. I hate my job. I hate my life. And ever since I found out about this baby there's been nothing but bad luck."
"That museum has been nothing but trouble since it opened." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Woo-hoo!"
Marge Simpson replied "Lisa, I can't believe it's your wedding day already."
Bart Simpson answered: "Um, I don't want to alarm you, but the ice cream's startin' to go south."
Homer Simpson responded "Fine."
"Oh, you big fooler. Pretending not to remember so you could surprise us." Marge Simpson said.
"Homie!" Marge Simpson responded.
"I don't have a blue shirt.", Bart Simpson responded.
"We're gonna crash!", Ned Flanders answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Look, Maggie! Funny Daddy!"
Moe Szyslak responded "Sounds like you're having a rough Christmas, Homer. You know what I blame this on the breakdown of? Society."
Marge Simpson answered "You've gotta get rid of those Furbies. They've turned feral!"
"What could be greater than eating and drinking for hours in a drizzly parking lot?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Phony doctors? Hel-lo." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Aw, c'mon."
Homer Simpson replied "Oh, you don't think so, eh? Well, here comes some real heat."
"Well then, my work is done.", Ned Flanders said.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Take this check for two hundred thousand dollars to the Springfield Hospital."
Marge Simpson said "That's it! We're getting you off the meds!"
"Sorry, son. Although they seem strange to us, we must respect the ways of the Indian.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Get back to your bong, hippie."
"Oh yeah? Well, um... what are you doing out here?", Bart Simpson answered.
"Well, now I've heard everything." Marge Simpson answered.
"You may be a smart kid, Lisa, but you don't know much about not hurting people's feelings.", Homer Simpson replied.
"That didn't sound like you meant it.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh yeah. That monkey got America through some tough times."
"It's not fair!" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "... I FEEL LIKE MAKIN' LOVE / MAKIN' LOVE TO YOU! / DO DO DOOO / DO DO DOOO."
Bart Simpson said: "I AM SO GREAT / I AM SO GREAT / EVERYBODY LOVES ME / I AM SO GREAT... / EVERYBODY LOVES ME..."
"You kids have got to learn that actions have consequences! Eat fire, punks!" Homer Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "You're fired."
"Bart! This is the year I've got to nail Christmas. I don't want to be a jaded ten-year-old like you!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"I'm writing a delicious send up of Mr. Burns for his birthday party. Is poo poo one word or two?" Homer Simpson responded.
"There's gotta be something I haven't tried. Huh? Hey! What's this? Fugu!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "I don't!"
Lisa Simpson answered "There's nothing here."
"Oh, you're a manager's dream, Strawberry." C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson: "Uh-huh."
Homer Simpson: "East Oak Street, is that it?"
Bart Simpson answered: "You betcha."
Marge Simpson replied: "Need some coolin' down, Hot Stuff?"
Seymour Skinner responded: "We planned for the wedding cake, we just didn't see the baby thing coming."
Marge Simpson answered: "Bart, here's a letter from your school!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Thank you, uh, Lipizzaner."
"So all you mugs out there, be sure you don't take for granted the woman you love. Oh, and it's Mother's Day, so call your ma." Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Enjoy your jerky laced with sleeping pills... nobody outwits Homer Simpson... Hey, they're not sleepy. They're just turning fuzzy..."
"Any undelivered mail for Homer J. Simpson?" Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "On the ground?"
Lisa Simpson answered "...too."
Lisa Simpson responded: "No,me!Takeme!Me!Me!Me!"
Lisa Simpson answered: "Dad, I don't understand. What is she saying you did?"
"But first we gotta break out of these stocks." Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "I'm not licked yet. I can entertain myself. No matter how good a movie is, it can't compare to the imagination of a small boy."
"You guys should go on that cruise. You'll have a great time, and you kids can spend the day getting to know your father...", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "I can't believe it. We won another contest!"
"Hold on there, boy. If you wanna keep using that car, you'd better start pullin' your weight." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "KICK MY HEELS UP AND"
"Don't you know the boys from Brazil are little Hitlers? I saw it in a movie. Whose name I can't remember." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "Don't touch those yet. They're very, very hot."
"Ah, I'll just watch some TV.", Bart Simpson responded.
"What's this? A personal stereo? Were you going to listen to rock music in Sunday school?", Marge Simpson answered.
"Goodnight, Mom.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"So, how was your first day of school?" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Did too.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Free service, here we come."
"Now!" C. Montgomery Burns said.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Not for one Chinese second! And I'm sure she's forgotten all about me."
Homer Simpson responded: "I talked to Flanders about parenting. I'm a perfect father. Hold on, son, I'm-a coming!"
Homer Simpson: "Wheeee! Wheeee!!!"
Homer Simpson replied "Moom."
"Bwa?", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Look, Marge, I'm making a difference in people's lives!"
"Well, if I'll be doin' this when I'm forty, might as well start now." Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "Quiet, Principal Spinner."
"Come on, it's your last night of freedom. You gotta have some fun." Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, I miss you too, Marge. But the law needs me. I'll be home as soon as I can." Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "I have a Jewish imaginary friend. Her name is Rachel Cohen and she just got into Brandeis."
"I'm trying to make the best of things, but I'm worried Maggie is falling in with a bad crowd." Marge Simpson replied.
"Works for the Lumber King." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "I'd sell my first-born son."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "You should be very proud of yourself. Sit down! Simpson! You're batting for Strawberry."
"Gimme another one." Homer Simpson replied.
"Is there? Controlled nuclear fission is a demanding mistress, Snappy." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Lisa Simpson: "Why don't we legalize same-sex marriage? We can attract a growing segment of the marriage market, and strike a blow for civil rights."
Bart Simpson responded: "I dunno. I was just looking at my shoelaces. Look, the point is, you're going to make it, Lis. And I'm going to stick by you."
"Hm, what's the ocean doing in the sky?", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "Bart, what are you doing here?"
Marge Simpson said "Lisa."
"Mr. Brockman, I need your help. I've got to become a great anchor so I can show up my sister." Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "Homer... Breakfast is ready."
"Where's that cake now?" Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner replied "Exactly what is your interest in my mother?"
Lisa Simpson said "Wow -- he passed the Maggie test. And remember how Maggie solved Cookiegate?"
"Hey, ya wanna play? I gotta warn ya... I ain't that good." Moe Szyslak answered.
Ned Flanders responded "Here you go, Principal Skinner, Mrs. Skinner."
"All right, you'll get your money.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Blondie?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"No it's not!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Okay, that should do it, Moe."
Homer Simpson responded: "Uhh... can't you see I'm reading the uh..."
"Now do me wearing a sombrero!" Homer Simpson responded.
"I think they've stopped. ." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "Ow! Quit it!"
"He says shows set during World War One are too sad. Particularly how everyone's always climbing stairs.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Oh, meltdown is one of those annoying buzzwords. I prefer to call it an unrequested fission surplus.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson said "It's natural to feel that way, but the sprinkler is gone. It's time to let go."
"You know, Maggie hasn't been a Simpson as long as us. I think she's beginning to forget Mom and Dad." Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "More."
Homer Simpson: "That still sounds like the smart kid."
Lisa Simpson said: "Me! Me! Me! Me! Me!"
Homer Simpson said: "Preppies? Oh, I hate you guys! Always partying on deck with your Docksiders while us townies are scrubbing the bilge!"
"You really speak Italian?!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Excellent." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Glasses, direct me to the nicest restaurant I can afford."
Homer Simpson: "That's what the dimmer switch companies want you to think."
"Homer, Lisa, could you please step outside? I have a few choice words for this gentleman.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Oh, and I-I tutor part time.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "We're number one! We're number one! In your face, space coyote!"
"I would like to call my only witness: almighty God." Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "What are you talking about?"
Lisa Simpson: "They're good pretzels, Mom. But you've got to think big. Find a major public event and set up shop there."
Lisa Simpson said "I'll tell you a secret, Bart. Every time I'm worried about Mom and Dad, I go to the attic and add to my ball of string."
"Well, I hope Bob fed you, 'cause I ate your dinners.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Lisa, you made friends with kids just like you! Mom and Dad, you were more happy and in love than I ever saw you!" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "More hashbrowns, sugar?"
Marge Simpson replied "Usually when I say something like that, something extremely embarrassing happens. I'm gonna say goodnight before it does."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Turn into the skid!"
Homer Simpson answered: "That's okay. I'll just assume you said what I thought I heard you say."
Bart Simpson said "Wow!!"
"Ah, that's sweet." Marge Simpson answered.
"Ohh, com'ere.", Homer Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner said: "Ow!"
"Where am I? This neighborhood is starting to look a little bit like... Sesame Street.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh no you don't!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Marge, I'm watching a rerun of an important Bowl game."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Well, I know it's absurd, but I dreamed the Boogeyman was after me and he's hiding..."
Homer Simpson replied "Hey, how 'bout that?"
"It all started on an outing for dinner..." Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "I wish I had a cell phone."
Homer Simpson answered "That's my boy..."
"That's right!", Homer Simpson replied.
"No! Don't use your real name, or Bart will know!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Thanks, Marge. You ruined my show. Now I'm going to give you a spoiler about our marriage: it's not great right now." Homer Simpson said.
"I made that last one up." Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson responded "That's all that happened? And I got to miss work?"
"Let's say this pepper got married to this salt shaker, and along comes sexy Mrs. Dash..." Homer Simpson replied.
"Man, are we evenly matched." Homer Simpson replied.
"I knew it! I knew it! So uh, do I win a Jock Squawk t-shirt?", Moe Szyslak replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "Happy Halloween, everybody!"
Homer Simpson answered "Oh, you want a piece of me?"
Moe Szyslak: "He is my son! That blows!"
"Even pork chops?" Homer Simpson replied.
"And I get my money from grease. What's the problem?", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Let me talk to Otto."
Bart Simpson responded: "But now Itchy & Scratchy Land is cutting ticket prices in half. Can we go, Dad? Can we can we can we, take it, Lis."
Bart Simpson responded: "Oh, yeah?"
Homer Simpson replied: "He already knows. Let's tell Krusty."
Homer Simpson: "Uhhhh, like those. But involving you."
"This is madness. He's just peddling a bunch of easy answers.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered: "How many more can there be?"
"You do? But why? I mean... but why?", Seymour Skinner responded.
Bart Simpson replied "I hope you're happy, Nelson."
C. Montgomery Burns said "Indoor plumbing. The lack of it killed my mother."
"What's the problem, Seymour? Stuck?" Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Mo-om."
"Why get up? Here's a little move I've been tinkering with. Say I want that bowl of dip.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Lady, you're nice, but I'm married." Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Smithers, I'm back in the pink! Full of pith and vinegar!"
Marge Simpson said "Oh, honey, I'm so proud of you. All your hard work and grade grubbing have finally paid off!"
"Aw, but you seemed like such a good couple.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Yes, because only by knowing them can you prevent bad little kids from saying them." Bart Simpson answered.
"Oh, no, Bart, we'll have nightmares.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Eh, it's hopeless." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Look what I found."
"Just think what we can buy with that money. History books that know how the Korean War came out. Math books that don't have that Base six crap in them.", Seymour Skinner said.
"Hmmm. Crude, but I like it. What do you say we freshen up our little drinkie poos?", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Hey, yeah! And I think I know how I can get it.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Grampa! I'm not afraid!", Marge Simpson replied.
"I can't write a song. I'm only ten." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Man, this is crazy. I hope I didn't brain my damage. I'd better check my pupils..."
"Well, I think this family should try more vegetarian meals. We'd feel better and live longer." Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "He's gotta fall asleep sometime, doesn't he?"
Bart Simpson answered: "How long did it take you to think that up?"
"If it makes you feel worse, I'm the man who bought the stock you sold.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Hell-o, I'm Shaquille O'Neal. Let us in, please." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "Thanks guys."
Homer Simpson responded: "Softball?"
"Oh yeah? Prove it." Homer Simpson answered.
"What if we..." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "What's a eunuch?"
Bart Simpson replied "Hey, it's Gary Coleman."
"But you're gonna kill us all..." Ned Flanders answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Psych!"
"Well, that's very reasonable.", Homer Simpson said.
"You're the first teacher that ever got me.", Homer Simpson answered.
"You guys must be gettin' pretty tired of that movie by now." Bart Simpson replied.
"No, this is a moment I want to remember." Homer Simpson answered.
"Don't be silly. Our marriage can weather any storm -- just like this tree." Marge Simpson answered.
"Well, don't worry. This'll give his heartstrings a much needed plucking.", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "So you see, revenge is great. And there's three ways to talk about it. Although two of the ways were kind of the same way, and even the third one might have worked better as a Halloween story..."
Seymour Skinner: "Mr. Szyslak, what name did the defendant ask for when he called you at your bar?"
Lisa Simpson replied: "That one's fur looks like a tuxedo! A Band-Aid on its tail, awww! Albino!"
Homer Simpson answered "Come on buddy, why would you want to be a murderer?"
"You cleaned me out Smokin' Joe. What's the matter Homer? Cummerbund too tight?", Moe Szyslak answered.
"Has anyone mentioned that Homer doesn't know anything about mountain climbing and that this is all crazy?" Marge Simpson said.
"Well, it is a sin to waste food...", Marge Simpson responded.
"Heydilly ho, window buddy. Just wonderin' if you'd like to come over and give the new pool table a whirl.", Ned Flanders responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Did you or did you not use a senior citizen discount card at said car wash?"
"Dammit! I never win anything! Ooh, here's something I'm good at." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Virtual Stapler!"
"My eye!", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "I was just practicing."
"Ugh, where's the remote?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Your dad insisted I use an inferior primer!", Seymour Skinner said.
"...annnd that concludes tonight's auction, which has raised a school record one hundred and sixteen thousand dollars!" Seymour Skinner replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "What is it, Dad?"
Homer Simpson responded: "I'm sorry, I believe in good grooming."
"While you're singing and dancing, somewhere out there Ronaldo is waiting to be found.", Lisa Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "I don't get it, Simpson. I'm a bad boy."
"What if he started pieing good people? Not because he wanted to, but because he was being blackmailed by his boss?", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "Equalia. Where everyone is equal, but we're in charge. I mean, somebody has to be, right?"
"You can't escape me, Simpson -- you're not smart enough!", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"... oh, oh, and two of these things." Homer Simpson replied.
"That thing knows me better than I know myself." Moe Szyslak responded.
"Now wait a minute. How can you people turn on snakes after all they've done for you?", Lisa Simpson replied.
"You forgot Patty and Selma. Oh, wait. That hasn't happened yet." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Well, there you go. Now how 'bout a drink?"
"Huh, okay." Lisa Simpson said.
"Dad, I think this paper is a flimsy hodgepodge of pie graphs, factoids and Larry King." Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "It was just an expression."
Bart Simpson answered: "Just don't lose this claim ticket."
Bart Simpson responded: "Why won't you believe me?!"
"Lord, I never question you... but I've been wondering if your decision to take Maude was, well, wrong... Unless this is part of your divine plan... Could you just give me some kinda sign? Anything? And after all that church chocolate I bought. Which, by the way, was gritty and had that white stuff on it. Well, I've had it.", Ned Flanders responded.
Bart Simpson: "No, but my sister's got a wide selection of crappy comics."
Homer Simpson replied "Have you read them all? Okay, good."
Moe Szyslak said "I'm sorry. I... I-It's just I'm so happy I met ya."
"What?" Homer Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns: "Greetings, Two Forty-One."
"I see. So, ah, what time tomorrow?", Moe Szyslak responded.
"You know what you could do, Apu..." Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, I get it. You're all gonna try to convince me that my life is great just like it is, right?", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Sorry."
"Oh, God." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Aw, no..."
Marge Simpson said: "Where is everybody?"
"All clear, everyone.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "But we don't have a sitter for Maggie."
Marge Simpson said: "Make sure he brushes his teeth, Lisa."
"With a knife." Homer Simpson answered.
"But it's not too late. You can still fly to Stockholm.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Well Homer maybe you can take some consolation in the fact that something you created is making so many people happy." Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "Whoa!!"
"No one told me the plant was closed!", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "What-ever."
Homer Simpson said: "Fine."
"Whatever." Homer Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Hero."
"That's right. It's much less expensive than the leading clown-based cereal. You just have to assemble it yourself." Marge Simpson replied.
"Well of course he's a spy. You just saw him go through spy school!", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "Well, I knew his mother would come to her senses.."
Ned Flanders: "There's nothing but filth on TV. But with this new video camera, we can make our own entertainment!"
"Woooo-hoooo! / Huzzah!", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Your plan failed! Thank god this plant has never had a functioning air conditioner."
Marge Simpson replied "Okay then!"
"Well, my Latin's a little rusty, but I think to get everything back in its box, you have to finish the game.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"More tea, Edna?", Seymour Skinner said.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "All you've got to do is sell fracking to your friends and neighbors."
"Look, Lisa. It glows. Oooo.", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Nope."
"Hm, better check last year's return." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "I must say Mr. Burns is being awfully inconsiderate. Selfish, even."
Bart Simpson said: "Is that arrrs or hours?"
"Yeah, with that mental patient who thought he was Michael Jackson.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Marge, you're as pretty as Princess Leia and as smart as Yoda.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "Dad, we're saved!"
"Who will spot the playful abalone? The mighty winkle? I think it might be you, Sherri!", Seymour Skinner replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "The guy who played Fallout Boy on TV?"
Marge Simpson said: "Homer, we can buy scotch tape tomorrow!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Nothing could be farther from the..."
"Do you know how embarrassed I was to get a call, at my arraignment, for my behavior during the pub crawl, because of a voodoo curse my son placed on his art teacher?", Homer Simpson said.
"Eh, you know, in this town, you learn to adjust to things. Runaway monorails... NASCAR star Jeff Gordon..." Moe Szyslak responded.
"Come on, we're leaving! Mmm, after one more mini-quiche..." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Stupid Barney, thinks he's too good for me."
Bart Simpson replied "Loony? Would a loony self-help book come with a magic question mark inside?"
Bart Simpson replied "Look at this garden of F's. You planted them all!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Uh-oh."
"Oh no. I left a candy bar in my desk." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "I forget."
Homer Simpson replied: "And tonight, we'll finally, and romantically, hump."
Homer Simpson replied "I'm Homer."
Lisa Simpson said: "Believe me, he doesn't. His act is getting old fast."
"Professor Farnsworth, I'm dying to know how you got here. Was it a time machine?" Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "Hey, everybody! I..."
Homer Simpson said "Boy, I can't wait to dance on his grave."
Homer Simpson replied "The status quo."
"I agreed to no such thing!", Homer Simpson replied.
"That's unsexy.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Mmm... snouts."
Homer Simpson replied: "Well... I didn't really feel like going to Moe's today... thought I might hang out here for as long as I can take it."
Bart Simpson replied: "My dog's name is Santa's Little Helper. One time he crawled under the house, and when he came out he was covered with ants. Then he ran into a church and drank all the holy water."
Homer Simpson said "But I was gonna score..."
Homer Simpson answered "So... you wanna go out with me?"
"Of course not. But you know something? Sometimes you have to break the rules to free your heart.", Homer Simpson answered.
"This is insane! He didn't show up for work, he bad-mouthed the movie on Jimmy Fallon, and now he's hoggin' all the credit!", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Nothin'."
Homer Simpson said "No, boy. You can't drive, you're only 10. You're going hunting!"
"Oh, sounds like a certain loser could use some tanking up.", Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson said: "Stonecutters, eh? How do I join?"
"Oh Marge, your tentacles feel so good. Wait a minute... why am I getting words in edgewise?" Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Hey, buddy. Have one on the house."
"Thank God we brought the bus driver.", Seymour Skinner answered.
"Don't you love that clean-mouth feeling?", Marge Simpson answered.
"Try these beets. I boiled all the red out." Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded: "This is what I think of your yellow card!"
"Like all childless couples, they troll the beaches waiting for the egg-layers to wander off from their young.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Is it a place I'd look overdressed if I did wear a tie?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Yeah I guess you're right. It's just that I, you know, went to a lot of trouble, you know makin' the envelope and everything...", Moe Szyslak responded.
"Uh... Like all manly men, I have a vivid imagination." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Whew. All that seizing made me hungry."
"Unknown? This is the tomb of the most famous man who ever lived!" Ned Flanders answered.
"I can't believe that extra thick layer of pollution that I've actually picketed against is what burned up the comet.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"I'm trying to land a plane with no experience." Homer Simpson responded.
"Anyhoo, the whole nightmare has really made us sleepy. Let's hit the hay.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "And a happy and healthy New Year."
"Just get out this door, rummy, and you're the city's problem. If you make it through the night, you're welcome back.", Moe Szyslak said.
"No." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Well, I just got..."
Homer Simpson responded "Sorry, boy. Going back to Springfield would be a coward's way out."
"Robert Pinsky?! The former Poet Laureate?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "I'm Bart Simpson. Who the hell are you?"
"Of course.", Homer Simpson responded.
"I wish more students had agreed to these electronic tracking implants. We only had one volunteer.", Seymour Skinner responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Hi."
Marge Simpson responded "What are you doing at this construction site?!"
"It is usually the cleanest." Seymour Skinner answered.
"Well, what choice do you have?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"What? I didn't order any giant sub!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"What?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Yes, Doctor, it's what we've always feared: it's loose. Hugo is loose. See you soon."
Lisa Simpson answered "Can you take me to school, Krusty?"
"Guys, the thing is, we totally have the money. And we tried to wire it to you, but you know how banks screw up." Bart Simpson responded.
"Best I've ever had. And that includes... Nellie Taft.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "Well, as far as nerdy little sisters go, you're the coolest."
"I'd better blow it out. Ha, ha, ha." Moe Szyslak said.
"Oh, we'll see about that. Gimme ten rings." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "I'm a father myself, sir. And sure, sometimes my kids can be obnoxious... or boring... or stinky --"
Seymour Skinner responded: "Okay, people, let's have a round of applause for the real Comptroller."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Don't you ever hope for anything better?"
Marge Simpson said: "Homer!"
Homer Simpson answered "Is that green enough for you, sweetie? 'Cause I can make it greener..."
Homer Simpson replied "I'll just high-five her."
"Is that true?", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "Sixth-graders! Nooooooo!"
"What happened?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Please! Homer, I am so sick of this unmotivated, jealous...", Marge Simpson replied.
"Oh, but Daddy doesn't feel so good." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "I love this show"
Ned Flanders answered: "Now, you know we don't discuss politics at the table!"
"Yeah." Seymour Skinner responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Oh, that's wonderful."
Bart Simpson answered "Thank God I landed in a bunch of fruity birds."
Lisa Simpson replied: "You're gonna regret the day you were born!"
Bart Simpson answered "Lis, I did some checkin' on this Allison character and I know it's against all your moral fibers..."
"Really?" Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "How did the country lose its way, Mel? When did we stop rooting for the man with the flame-thrower, or an acid-spraying gun of some kind?"
Homer Simpson said: "Sorry, that just slipped out. I'll miss ya."
Bart Simpson responded: "Look, I'm throwing papers."
"This is the part where I get the kids out of the room.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Okay, be cool. I've got some candy in my purse..." Marge Simpson answered.
"What is this, Brooklyn in the fifties? Don't just say stuff." Lisa Simpson answered.
"What's this?" Ned Flanders replied.
"Try not to think about it.", Bart Simpson said.
"Oh, yeah my Christmas bonus. How silly of me. This'll be the best Christmas yet. The best any family ever had. Heh-heh.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Yeah... In fact..."
"We shall continue this conversation in the pie cave." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Now look here, mister. I forbid you to fight a bear."
Lisa Simpson answered "Da-ad!"
"I must have a guardian angel -- with a rifle.", Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner answered: "Seven o'clock Friday night, Mother. Time for our weekly silhouette."
"Yeah, you've won this round, Dean. But the war isn't over." Homer Simpson responded.
"Really? You think this might be one of those forever-type things?", Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "You're right, but where do we go?"
"Bart, this is your teacher? I should start going to parents night." Homer Simpson said.
"Oh. I'll just be another minute, John. Have a seat." Homer Simpson said.
"Would you pay one hundred fifty dollars for this lovely Motorola?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Cha...teau Ma...son." Bart Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Just give me the bet, Lisa."
"...because you should be on Broadway chargin' a hundred bucks a ticket! You're a natural talent!" Moe Szyslak responded.
"But it's my banjo." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "DONE FOR FREE"
"We were gone for two weeks!" Marge Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner said: "I could easily put them back in their original order."
"Yay!", Bart Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Oh I'll give you higher, my filthy little urchin."
"Mom, why are you talking like that?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders responded "Uh... Homer... Ah, about those things you borrowed from me over the years -- you know -- the TV trays, the power sander, that downstairs bathtub... you going to be needing those things in Cypress Creek?"
"Gentlemen, according to my sources you are planning to simultaneously drop your pencils at 2:15 this afternoon. Do so and you will be suspended." Seymour Skinner said.
Lisa Simpson said: "Can I?"
Homer Simpson said "Because she stopped loving me."
Bart Simpson: "We had one in his honor. I had one in his honor. I went to a strip club."
"In your dreams!" Bart Simpson answered.
"I never thought I'd say this to someone I cared for, much less my husband, but I'm saying it now: I don't want you here on Christmas.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Damn, crappy nails! Super glue my butt!"
Marge Simpson replied: "Marge."
Lisa Simpson: "Ooh, it says here that special effects whiz Tom Savini is gonna be appearing at the comic book store tonight!"
"You're never bored paintin' the Lord." Ned Flanders said.
"Stupid non-plasma TV. Picture so blurry. Might as well rub dirt in my eyes." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Okay. I'll go get some stuff."
Lisa Simpson replied "Dad's kneeling on a prayer mat! He doesn't believe in kneeling!"
"I don't see anything suspicious... except someone is loudly unwrapping their candy.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Lisa, stop blowing my sex! I mean, stop blowing your sax. Your sax. Stop it.", Marge Simpson said.
"Hey, it keeps the kids quiet.", Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders said: "Well, sir, may the best man win."
Marge Simpson replied: "Well, everybody's got a fear of something."
Homer Simpson replied: "I know. I'm taping it. I want to get to Mr. Burns' house bright and early to make his breakfast."
Lisa Simpson replied: "About anything."
Homer Simpson said: "Little help..."
"Whatcha doing?", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "SPRINGFIELD'S THE ONLY HOME WE'VE GOT..."
Marge Simpson said "What do you have to say about the Leader now? Hunh? Hunh?"
"It's even boring to fly over it!", Homer Simpson answered.
"That's Snake's voice!", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Why?"
Homer Simpson answered "You know what your problem is, Flanders? You're afraid to be human."
Bart Simpson replied: "We've gotta talk."
"I'm sorry. But I know God would never ask a mother to sacrifice her child for the good of the world... again." Marge Simpson said.
"Who's Chester?" Bart Simpson said.
"Splendid! Now, let's see how I'm faring on the jumping box.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "No! Now, look, son, we all know that usually when you bug me like this, I give in, so I'm not mad at you for trying. It shows you've been paying attention. But we all know I'm not gonna give you a hundred dollars. Now are you gonna stop bugging me?"
Homer Simpson said "It's easier. Duh."
"Twenty on this one, my good man." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Homer, with all the things you've done -- go into space, attend clown college, join the Navy -- I never thought you'd join the Army!"
Moe Szyslak answered "Calm down there, 'Pu and She-Pu. You can use the restroom."
Moe Szyslak replied: "Um... I think he should have to take a different oath."
Bart Simpson answered "Hey, we could have tea in my treehouse."
Marge Simpson answered "Why don't you come inside and we'll talk?"
Lisa Simpson said "Mom!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Oh my God! Do you realize what this means?"
Lisa Simpson said "Yeah, Krabappel. They were naked in the closet together."
Bart Simpson answered: "Uh, nothin', Pop."
Lisa Simpson replied "He's really having trouble keeping his balance."
Homer Simpson replied: "Huh, when do we get paid?"
"Please, I don't deserve this." Bart Simpson replied.
"Now I hate him too." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Marjorie, please. I enjoy all the meats of our cultural stew. Ahhh, ballet."
Homer Simpson replied: "Arizona smells funny."
Homer Simpson responded: "Wait! I can't call Marge. It's our last day on earth together. I can't drag her into this mess. I know! I'll call Barney."
"Oh, this is perfect!", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "Homer, that's enough."
"Well boy, you won. So I'm gonna live up to my side of the agreement. Here's your turtle, alive and well.", Homer Simpson said.
"I'm just glad it was you who brought us in, Nelson. Remember when we used to date? If you let me go, we can get back together. I never let you cherry bomb my Malibu Stacey -- I'll let you do it now.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "Well, you're not gonna find any here."
Bart Simpson answered: "We can take whatever we want, right?"
Lisa Simpson: "Ech! Think of how awful it would be for the poor midget inside..."
Marge Simpson responded "Maybe the person that turned your father in thought they were doing the right thing."
"There's something not quite right about this.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "You'd think so, but no."
"Zo-rrooo!" Homer Simpson said.
"All right, tell me when I hit the sweet spot." Moe Szyslak responded.
Seymour Skinner answered: "Oh? Well, I've always admired your tart honesty and ability to be personally offended by broad social trends."
"Hey, you easy. Now, get off my property! Off!" Ned Flanders replied.
Lisa Simpson responded "That might work."
"Just buy it. You don't have to rationalize everything.", Lisa Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak: "Wow, your friend did something I could never do."
"Me and my big... letter writing pen!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Aww. Tomorrow we were gonna find out who the dish ran away with.", Bart Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner said: "Finally, on a personal note, Mrs. Krabappel and I are to be joined in holy wedlock...this Saturday. We'll be honeymooning at Lake Shelbyville Lodge, Cabin Thirty-two, Room Three. And we do not wish to be disturbed."
"Don't you want to be happy, Abe? Admit who you are, a wonderful gay man!", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "But you're already smoking cig..."
"It could save lives!", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "You're on your own."
Marge Simpson said: "Here's my mask!"
"Why don't you have dinner with us tonight?", Marge Simpson answered.
"Because somehow you realized I was a good guy after all?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Fas-ter.", Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Not my concern!"
"I can't just sit here watching this junk.", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Cherry cordials, sir."
"Really? Now? I have two pizzas coming. I wanted to see who would get here first." Homer Simpson said.
"And I have to admit, it's a pretty good life.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "Oh, Homie, aren't they adorable?"
Marge Simpson said: "It's okay when you're in love. And married. To the sweetest guy in the world."
"There were so many things I wanted to do in life that I never got a chance to do: doctor , safecracker , stethoscope sales lady ... none came to pass. But the thing I really wanted to be, ever since I was little, was a ballerina!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Wait just a minute." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Already taken care of.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Bart Simpson answered "Oh, Santa's Little Helper, I was crazy to give you up for another dog. What have I done to you?"
Homer Simpson responded "Flanders, I've come to forgive you."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Stop kicking me!"
"And I'd also like to know why your hand is in that cast.", Marge Simpson responded.
"You know, with the way you're treating me, why should I protect you?", Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "I don't care who started it. I don't ever want to see you two fighting like that ever again. We love you both. You're not in competition with each other. Repeat. You are not in competition with each other."
"Lisa has been seeing an awful lot of her new friend.", Marge Simpson said.
"Homer!" Marge Simpson answered.
"I want the elephant.", Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson: "Mom, put your glasses on."
"They always told me I was gonna destroy the family, but I never believed it." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "This way!"
"Oh, Homer, Mr. Burns just said he liked it. Once." Marge Simpson responded.
"Hmmm... still got it!" Homer Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders answered: "What?"
Homer Simpson answered "...initial the radon disclosure... and done."
"Purple drapes! All my life I've wanted purple drapes!", Ned Flanders said.
"I'll really miss you guys. I'll never forget the three activities we did together.", Marge Simpson said.
"Yeah, just have fun -- Dad would.", Bart Simpson replied.
"...Fading, fading, gone.", Homer Simpson replied.
"I must warn you that once this next tape starts, it will not stop. Because that button is broken.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Holy cow, you're as big as a house." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "I know of them."
"Yes.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "The secret ingredient is blood."
Marge Simpson said: "I feel so helpless. What if something happens to them?"
"Dear Lord, in your infinite wisdom, you know the number to call when you need a plow is KLONDIKE 5-3226.", Homer Simpson said.
"Thanks, Mr. Teeny!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Cool. I'll give you ten bucks for that.", Bart Simpson said.
"Well where is he now? Maybe I can help you two patch up your differences.", Lisa Simpson said.
"You know what's great about you, Marge? After all these years you can still shinny up the donut, and then pull me up after you.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "Your dad's been in the closet for so long, he probably doesn't know how tolerant society's become. They even had a gay float in the Pride Parade last year."
Lisa Simpson said: "But I want to learn a dance I can use in real life, like the Tango de la Muerte."
Homer Simpson: "See, Marge. Problems will work themselves out if you just leave them alone."
Homer Simpson said "Oh, I wrote down what I was gonna say on a card. Stupid thing must have fallen out of my pocket."
Homer Simpson responded: "They got me with their legal mumbo-jumbo."
Moe Szyslak replied: "What's the word I'm searching for? Uh... yeah! A trip to the alma mater might really rekindle my love of gettin' people loaded."
"You're right, Lis. I can suck up to him like the religious people suck up to God." Bart Simpson said.
"No, I'm no-ot! Yes I am. The Bloody Hangman walks on his stubby bone feet through the plague-ridden streets of London...", Homer Simpson replied.
"Marge, that was a joke!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Okay. Now, I wanted to paint fresh fruit, but the prison cafeteria would only give me sauerkraut.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Hmm, still half an hour till dinner. Oh, well...", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Thank you."
Homer Simpson said: "All right, I know how to handle this. Just use a little reverse psychology. Let's go, Marge. Leave the baby with his little crib."
"Well, I have to coordinate, don't I?" Bart Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Balderdash. This is the silliest load of... Ooh, look at it fly. Whee! Look at me, Smithers, I feel practically superduperfragicaliexpiala-dohhhh!"
"Oh, Lisa, maybe you're right. Maybe you're wrong. The important thing is Veterans deserve a day to honor them.", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "I'll save you, Lisa! Whoa."
Homer Simpson answered: "Hey, what smells so good?"
Bart Simpson replied "Uh oh."
Bart Simpson said "This family has had a lot of hoods put over their heads."
"Poor Aunt Hortense... woo-hoo... woo-hoo...", Homer Simpson answered.
"I can't believe the man who agreed to follow my daughter around -- for money -- would turn out to be a dirt bag.", Homer Simpson answered.
"So, uh, what kind of adventure you gonna be involved in tonight, Homer?", Moe Szyslak responded.
"Half-brother and half-sister?" Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "Yes, he's raking leaves."
"What is perception?", Homer Simpson responded.
"All good." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Who told you that?"
Homer Simpson replied: "It's a party, Marge. It doesn't have to make sense."
"Keep your voices down, boys. We didn't come this far to get found out.", Bart Simpson answered.
"We have roots here, Homer. We have friends and family and library cards... Bart's lawyer is here." Marge Simpson responded.
"I was right." Homer Simpson said.
"You talk like my ass plays harmonica." Moe Szyslak said.
"Marge, Marge, look!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Don't drink my loved ones!"
Bart Simpson answered "Huh?"
"Bart, no, it's Valentine's Day." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Okay... maybe I can pay for the cruise. Let's see how much it costs for a cabin on a low deck, no porthole, group Z lifeboat access... It's still a ton of money." Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "I'd better join a gym before I go from hippy to hippo."
"The queen's private surgeonnn!", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "I can't believe it! I've done all my housework and it's only 9:30! Well, better go upstairs and make sure the beds are still made."
"Why not?" Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "You were never going to apologize!"
"Oh yeah... art.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded: "Where's your father with those pacifiers?"
Marge Simpson: "Squiggy?"
Seymour Skinner answered "What I wouldn't give for something to interrupt this awkward moment."
"Hand me that saw, Marge!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "What does that mean?"
"Who do you have next period?" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "Hi guys. Hi Otto. Move over. I'm driving."
Homer Simpson: "Marge! I'm glad you came. There's a kegger down the hall. We can go as soon as I desecrate this corpse."
"I don't hand out candy, you son of a Gritch." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Seymour Skinner: "Edna Krabappel, please report to the principal's arms."
"Can't talk now, Flanders. I've got a class to teach.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Two sets of twins and a triplet!", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Mister, you are grounded!"
"Sara, I'm sorry, but I can't move to Hollywood. Heck, even Dollywood's too far out for me. Too many people appreciating it ironically." Ned Flanders answered.
Bart Simpson said: "Yeah. Just look at 'em over there..."
Ned Flanders replied: "Sure do miss that laugh."
Homer Simpson replied: "It's your life."
"Oh, my.", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "No."
Homer Simpson responded: "Where'd you get all the money?"
Lisa Simpson answered "However..."
Lisa Simpson responded "LEFT A GOOD JOB IN THE CITY -- WORKIN' FOR THE MAN EVERY NIGHT AND DAY..."
Lisa Simpson said: "Yes, you did! Yesterday. Right by my locker."
Bart Simpson answered "I'm gettin' used to this country life. Teacher says I'm whittling at a tenth-grade level."
Homer Simpson said "Ohh, and a very manly one, if I may say so, m'lord."
Bart Simpson replied: "He wouldn't sign my ball."
"Hey, Otto. Hey, Ottoman.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Hey Kozlov! Aim for the five hole! He's got an opening the size of Red Square." Lisa Simpson said.
"Heads up." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Did I say any moment?"
Homer Simpson said "Stay out of my boxes!"
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Exquisite, just exquisite. Makes me wish I hadn't released the hounds."
Seymour Skinner said "The Sprinkle King, Sprinkle Queen, and Deluxe Sprinkle King are the Simon and Garfunkel plus one of hose-nozzle dispersal arrays. Observe."
"How cute." Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "Maybe we're not going home right away."
Moe Szyslak replied "Oh, great. And I just got all that gum outta my armpits."
Homer Simpson said: "About Virgil."
Lisa Simpson: "Looks like you guys are on the mend."
"Dad, we're in the maze.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Marge? Can you come in here? We need to talk." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said "We've gotta clean this up before mom gets back."
"That's not the idea at all. Okay, well this story isn't ideal, I've never told it to you before.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Ew." Lisa Simpson said.
"She sure did. Now if Lisa is finished with her shenanigans, I'll tell you why I didn't show up...", Homer Simpson replied.
"Ma'am.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"Honey, I'm home!", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "I did not! I promised I would get mad! She's an eight-year-old girl."
"There's Russell Crow, Cameron Crow, Crow Diddly, Hume Crow-nyn, Gregory Peck...", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "Oh yes we do! I got it all on tape."
"Crashing down!", Bart Simpson answered.
"Power off, Einstein.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"Wrapping you in bubble wrap. I can't always be around to protect you, so it will." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Go get it, boy!"
"Still sucks!", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Twenty-three?! People, for God's sake, join a gym."
"Oh, man, I've only got one minute 'til they stop serving those Breakfast Balls...", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Because you're my best friend in the room."
"This stupid thing never works.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Don't worry, they're still drunk from school!", Marge Simpson said.
"It's the most exciting play in baseball! Go, Bart!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"The Flanders are having a beef-a-thon! Incredible Ned-ibles! Maude-acious vittles!." Lisa Simpson said.
"You did fix them, right Dad? Because even a single faulty unit could corrupt every other computer in the world.", Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied "Dad, you have to say something. Something meaningful!"
"Wait a minute. Isn't anybody gonna follow in my footsteps?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "But you do like comic books."
"Oh, I think someone just had his first taste of blood loss.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "Homer, that crazy lady who lives in our trash pile attacked me again."
"It's been a long time." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "That's a given! There's something else. Something much more else."
"Happy to do it. But you know, Bart, some philosophers believe that nobody is born with a soul -- that you have to earn one through suffering and thought and prayer, like you did last night." Lisa Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "In your name, a donation has been made..."
"I'm starting to worry about your father." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "How dare you call me that?!"
Bart Simpson responded "I borrowed your nail clipper, what's the big deal?"
Bart Simpson responded: "Oh... um..."
"I thought I dreamed that kiss.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Hey Marge, where you goin'?" Homer Simpson replied.
"I think it's sad that you equate friendliness from wimpiness, and I hope it will keep you from ever achieving true popularity." Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "Maybe I should have taken a nice calligraphy class."
"Nothing for me, today! I've got a class to teach!" Homer Simpson said.
"We're all gonna die, Lis." Bart Simpson answered.
"Mr. Burns got his plant back, and I like to think I found a shred of humanity in his withered soul." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Hey, what's Lucky hooked up to?"
"Oh, my God!! Woo hoo! I win!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Sure thing, Gwenn.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "I think so."
Marge Simpson responded: "Maybe we should just light sparklers in the back yard."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "I'll pick you up at five tomorrow. And I'll pick you up right now."
Marge Simpson said "Now kids, I know you're all excited about meeting Aunt Selma's new boyfriend tonight."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Ah, now for a little powder blue."
"Mom! Lisa made me break a lamp!", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Amen, Ernie."
"I've hidden it. To find it, you'll need to decipher a series of clues, each more fiendish than the...", Bart Simpson said.
"No...", Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Look Smithers! Garbo is coming!"
"Well, hey, it's Homer! Good to see ya, neighb--" Ned Flanders said.
Lisa Simpson: "Or an inlet."
"Honey, you'll make plenty of friends. All you have to do is be yourself." Marge Simpson said.
"Cut it out!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Moe, I haven't seen the place this crowded since the government cracked down on you for accepting food stamps. Do you think my drink had something to do with it?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, and another thing...", Ned Flanders responded.
"You idiot!" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "The only ad you took out was to sell our lawnmower."
"Homie! Stop watching the movie in the other people's car!" Marge Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner responded "Oh well... I... Forgive me, sir."
"How 'bout The Deja Viewmaster?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Elmo!", Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh, no! I'm gonna go off the end of the --" Homer Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak replied "Really? You mean it?"
Marge Simpson: "I can't fill out that clipboard. I... don't have email."
"I hate to say this about the Cat Lady... but I think she's crazy. She's a hoarder!" Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "What the? I wanted a mini-bike! I told all my friends I was getting one!"
Lisa Simpson answered "Yes, sir. A very inane one. Mr. Burns, your campaign seems to have the momentum of a runaway freight train. Why are you so popular?"
Lisa Simpson said: "You calm down!"
"Never!" Bart Simpson answered.
"Ohhh. So hottt.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Those places are pretty terrible.", Homer Simpson replied.
"It looks like an amusement park." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Uhh... North... Kilt... town?"
Homer Simpson answered: "It's okay. I'm an American!"
"Goodbye, Juliet." Lisa Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak replied: "Oh, here, gimme the map. I'll show you."
Marge Simpson responded: "Lisa?"
"As for the school, we are exploring various options to raise the two hundred thousand dollars we need." Seymour Skinner replied.
"So, you kids really love the Leader, huh? Even more than your parents?", Marge Simpson said.
"Dad, there aren't any places left to sit." Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "David and Bart just aren't working out. We have to do something."
"Sorry.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"So un-ask her." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "The experts say that if you want an animal to do something, you should do it yourself first to show him how."
"Hi-diddly-ho, paradise dwellers!" Ned Flanders said.
"People know your name, but you don't know theirs. It's great." Homer Simpson said.
"You lied to me." Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "I feel weird. It's like a potato chip full of shame, going down my throat sideways."
"I'm concerned we might be heading down a slippery slope. What do you think, Nelson?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"What are you people doing in my summer home?", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"The code of the School yard, Marge! The rules that teach a boy to be a man. Let's see... Don't tattle... Always make fun of those different from you... Never say anything unless you're sure everyone feels exactly the same way you do... Hmmm, what else... ?", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "Hello, I'm Dr. Cheeks. I'm doing my rounds and uh, I'm a little behind."
Lisa Simpson: "Mom, I got a rash where the reindeer licked me."
"I don't claim to be the perfect neighbor..." Ned Flanders said.
Homer Simpson said "Nine Volt! Double A! D!-D!-D!-D! Cordless drill!"
Bart Simpson said: "Well, Mom, one of us has scarfed down more than enough cupcakes over the past three decades to keep him..."
Lisa Simpson answered: "How's it going, Bart?"
"Okay you filthy booze-bags, it's two a.m. So uh, who's the designated driver?", Moe Szyslak said.
"Then why did the auction house say it was real?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Careful, Elon. He's not as kindly as he appears."
"Well, I know she'll like mine. Who wouldn't like a bottle of real French perfume?", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "MARGE YOU WILL GET THE LAST PORK CHOP..."
Marge Simpson answered: "Look at Bart go! He must be running away!"
Seymour Skinner: "Why did you say that to us in the meanest way you could?"
C. Montgomery Burns said: "A toast, to our enigmatic new protector -- who certainly isn't me! Smithers, wink my eye!"
"He ruined the one chance I had of getting to know Mr. Bergstrom outside of school.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Are you saying my daughter can't cut it? Just because I owe you fourteen thousand dollars? I'll show you!"
"Told ya. Now, come on. You're gonna learn how to shave.", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "Checkers."
Homer Simpson replied: "Are you sure they're not talking about cars? Because those are car words."
Homer Simpson replied "No. And never bring it up again."
"What?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded "I'm gonna put all my stuffed animals on it!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Tennis court, eh?..."
Homer Simpson said: "And I promise to do the things I checked off within a year."
"Whatever. Knock yourself out.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "You guys are crazy. I've never even heard of that guy. It's not like it was painted by Leonardo Da Vinci Code."
"Guard!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "Love ya lots!"
"Of course you'd say that...", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Marge Simpson responded "Homer, those are elk."
Marge Simpson said: "Maybe we'd better go."
Homer Simpson replied "Son, let's go out for frosty chocolate milkshakes."
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Yes. Simpson, only you have the bonhomie and rotund charm to replace him. It means a hefty expense account and a corner office."
"Now I must bury my son, while you wander the earth forever, with the mark of evil upon your face.", Ned Flanders replied.
Marge Simpson: "Well, to be honest, he seemed a lot more concerned about wrapping Bart in bandages than in making him feel better. And he mispronounced words that even I know, like abdomen. And his office was dirty. Now that I think about it, I'm not sure he's even a doctor."
Bart Simpson said "Oh, no. Ties."
"Uh-oh." Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "Imagine I'm holding a flashlight under my face."
"Vegetarian food is so boring! Pasta, soy... you know what's a bad pizza topping? Broccoli!" Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "These are our new boarders!"
"You're the boss." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "It says Freddy Quimby beat a waiter half to death. Those Quimby children are so wild and rich. I hope he finally gets what's coming to him."
Homer Simpson answered: "How did Lenny get to be Newsfake Magazine's Man of the Year?"
Marge Simpson answered: "Maybe you two should get a nanny."
Lisa Simpson replied: "I'm really not the chuckling type."
Bart Simpson replied "Uh... nobody. Wrong number."
"My league! My beautiful league! All dead!", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Marge Simpson answered "The worst part is I'll never see my Homie again!"
"It's the family bar. Right, kids?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Quiet, please! Some of us are trying to weld! Almost done. Just lay still.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "Thank you, thank you, thank you!"
"Thanks, Nelson.", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "Your father. He's having a boys' night out."
Homer Simpson said "Oops, gotta run. Enjoy the show."
"Disguises? I'm worried that our scam is becoming dishonest." Marge Simpson responded.
"I can do anything I want! First I'm gonna take a bath, then I'm gonna eat some vegetables, and then I'm gonna get to bed nice and early with no TV." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "No!"
"Mr. Szyslak, I have a feeling there's going to be one more act to this story." Lisa Simpson said.
"This is slander! Darwin was one of the greatest minds of all time!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Let's see how he performs in front of all those people without his magic-people-performing-in-front-of shirt." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Freedom..."
Bart Simpson: "Now we come to Mr. Homer Simpson..."
Homer Simpson replied: "Searched for Lincoln's gold."
"Until you decide what's more important - your gun or your family - we can't live in the same house. Come on, kids." Marge Simpson answered.
"Nice. You know, it wouldn't be a revue without songs. Tell me about one.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Holly Hippie. Krusty's sidekick in 1969 and his first wife."
"Or... to put it another way... there is.", Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner replied "Sugar water? Now why would someone..."
"Mr. Simpson, I know you're not one of our wealthier parents, but surely you'll honor your son's enormous debt." Seymour Skinner replied.
"I didn't take a bath today and I may not take one tomorrow.", Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "Time is running out."
Lisa Simpson replied: "What?"
"Wait a minute. They're not so great." Bart Simpson answered.
"Hey, and after we watch this, we can tape over it." Homer Simpson said.
"What are you talking about?" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Yeah, well I'll be on my --", Homer Simpson responded.
"And entering the ring, America's original vainglorious bastard... Glamorous Godfrey!", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Nelson, cover for me." Lisa Simpson said.
"Now, for your final test. To fully become a man, you must pick a fight with someone weaker than you.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Oh, what a boon it could be for our under-funded public schools." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Ah, my first tow."
Homer Simpson replied "Ooh. How are Bart and Lisa gonna get out of this one?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Stop it, both of you. Grampa smells like a regular old man, which is more like a hallway in a hospital."
"What's this notice on the wall?", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Right."
"Why, 'cause I'm fat?" Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Now that I'm the town's oldest man, I'm starting to realize I'm not a young man anymore. I'll have to start taking better care of myself. You know, I haven't had a medicino checkup in ages."
"Don't worry, Mom. This first time we'll only take a few steps outside." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Okily Dokahama?!"
Moe Szyslak responded: "Where ya been, Homer? Entire steel industry's gay."
"Sorry Marge, this is my quest. I'm like that guy -- that Spanish guy -- you know, he fought the windmills..." Homer Simpson responded.
"I'm gonna kill you! / No, I'm killing him first! / Why you little... Bart, the next time you ever have... / You went too far..." Homer Simpson said.
"I've only got three more years to live!", Homer Simpson said.
"Glad that's not me.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Doctor, how could a little baby save a full-grown man from drowning?", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "I've got detention all summer."
Homer Simpson responded: "Is that one fat enough for you, son?"
"Ooh, nice and roomy. Our Lord sure knew how to keep 'em cool.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Where is the baby?", Marge Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner: "Well, this was a big bust. Come on, kids. Let's go home to our mothers."
Homer Simpson responded "Down in front!"
Homer Simpson: "That proves the painting is mine! And nothing can stop me from selling it and keeping all the money!"
Homer Simpson: "Bring back some ice."
"As French Canadians, they don't believe in refunds, or exploiting animals for entertainment." Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "A bald eagle!"
Homer Simpson responded "Dad, first you gave me life, now you've given me a home for my family. I'd be honored if you came to live with us."
Moe Szyslak said: "Oh my God, he's right. Oh, how could I treat a friend that way?"
"See, I told ya. There's nothin' to worry about. This place isn't..." Homer Simpson said.
"Yeah.", Ned Flanders responded.
Lisa Simpson answered "Dad, why don't you go to the airport authority and complain?"
Marge Simpson replied "You know what? I trust them not to smoke."
Homer Simpson responded "But I'm full of questions. What's your favorite cigar size? Is it Robusto? Is it?!"
Homer Simpson replied "Marge, this can't be the right address."
Homer Simpson responded: "Step aside everyone. Sensitive love letters are my specialty."
"Well, that's uh, very interesting...", Ned Flanders responded.
Homer Simpson: "That's some big underwear."
Lisa Simpson said: "Dad, we are there."
"Oh, Homer." Marge Simpson responded.
"Banned for life?" Ned Flanders replied.
"Grampa, would you help take me on a foolish romantic mission?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"What? But Marge, we just had a vacation. Remember Mystic Caverns?", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered "Homer, give me my pepper spray."
Bart Simpson responded "We want a pitcher / Not a belly itcher!"
Marge Simpson answered "I got all the way out to the tree before I realized I'd left the house."
"They're getting ready to throw the switch!", Bart Simpson answered.
"Of course not. We'll decide that on a drifter-by-drifter basis." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Moe, my in-laws are coming. I need something strong enough that I forget I hate them, but not so strong that I tell them I love them."
Marge Simpson answered "We're going to this retreat to give our marriage a tune-up and that's all. No fishing."
Homer Simpson responded: "Whuh?"
"BARTDOYOUWANTSOMEBROWNIESBEFORE YOUGOTOBED?!" Homer Simpson responded.
"This notebook is full of things Truth Teller said!" Bart Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner replied: "Great Barrier Reef! We're under attack!"
Bart Simpson replied: "Ow!!"
Homer Simpson said "All right, let's take that..."
Homer Simpson replied "Whoa-whoa-whoa! Don't go nuts."
"Hey, Michael, I don't get it. These guys seem as normal as you and me." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded: "That's not a pan, it's a colander!"
"Excellent." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "That man who's getting all those laughs, Smithers. Who is he?"
Marge Simpson answered: "Can't turn off the power, eh?"
"How could they open another franchise so close to me?", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Oh, all right."
"Aw, you can't outsmart carnival folk. They're the cleverest folk in the world. Just look at the way they sucker regular folk with those crooked games. That's it! Fire! Or...", Homer Simpson replied.
"You know me, Marge: I like my beer cold, my TV loud, and my homosexuals fla-ming.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Eighteen seconds, hmph. If this were really a nuclear war, we'd all be dead meat by now. Say, you're all shivering. Are you cold or what?" Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "Grampa, stop."
"Dad?!", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Aww, that's what I call closure!"
Homer Simpson: "Uh, I've got a problem, Hank."
Homer Simpson said: "Better do what he says, Marge."
Marge Simpson responded "I'm not going to sleep!"
"Well, he's a fine role model. Bart, give me that ball!", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Okay, I'm heading out now! More butt support! More butt support!"
"Pass the peas, please.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Even my best friends have left me! I'm all alone!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Life was so much easier when a machine told you when to laugh."
Bart Simpson said "The sit is on."
Homer Simpson replied "I knew I could count on you."
Bart Simpson replied: "Yeah!"
Lisa Simpson: "Oh no. No!"
Homer Simpson responded "No, I can handle it. I'll get you, squealer."
Bart Simpson responded "Oh, cool! Now get goin', chop-chop!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Well, what do you want, a medal?"
Homer Simpson said: "I'm tired of watching you dog it on that football field. From now on, I'm gonna work you like a dog. Now go fetch me twenty laps."
Lisa Simpson: "Now what are you up to?"
"Cha-ching!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Nelson!" Seymour Skinner answered.
Homer Simpson said "And I've been lookin' for you, too, pal!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Hey, I like art, okay?"
"Not the pony dream again!", Bart Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns: "."
"That's not the way she tells it." Homer Simpson responded.
"Our new, well uh, we'll make up jobs for these fellows later... Please say hello to Steve Sax, Don Mattingly, Darryl Strawberry, Ozzie Smith, Mike Scioscia, and Jose Canseco.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Grampa, killing yourself is a sin! God wants us to die of old age, after years of pain and reduced mobility!" Marge Simpson responded.
"Okay, non-smoker... add eight years. So according to this I'll live to be... 42! Oh, that's horrible! I won't even live to see my children die!", Homer Simpson replied.
"No problem, we'll say you were on a fact finding mission." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson said: "What show is this?"
Marge Simpson answered: "I told you you should've stopped the tickling."
"Jin-gle Bells, Jin-gle Bells...", Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "What did I get wrong?"
C. Montgomery Burns: "C'mon, boys, overpower it!"
Bart Simpson: "Hey, come on! I thought we were friends."
Lisa Simpson responded: "It's not my birthday. Although Maggie's is pretty soon."
"My wads! I never even broke the wrapper." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "One onion rings, please."
Lisa Simpson answered "Does anyone else want to know why that sign is so funny?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Heh heh, the perfect crime."
Bart Simpson answered: "No, he's alive. And he is so funny you could plotz. At least according to his press release."
Marge Simpson answered: "Buck, I guess we can help you out. We'll start tomorrow!"
Bart Simpson: "But..."
"Lisa? She wants to talk to you.", Marge Simpson said.
"Work!? But you're hippies!" Homer Simpson said.
"Do you two have to sit so close to the TV? Back up, or it'll hurt your eyes.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Uh... For frosty chocolate milkshakes. Frosty chocolate milkshakes!"
Marge Simpson said "Well, sure, if you don't mind taking care of the kids again?"
"Our water was on fire!" Marge Simpson said.
"What jolly fun!" Bart Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Whoa, sounds like one hell of a drink. What do you call it?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Don't you start."
"Oh, I've lost everything. I can't go on. No, no, no! I can't just wallow in sadness. It's time to laugh again. I'm the last man alive!" Homer Simpson responded.
"I guess that's okay.", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "I'm the son of an oaf."
Seymour Skinner: "Uh, there is an added bonus -- some of the revenue can go to help our under-funded public schools!"
"Bart... Lisa... we've got to get to the mall before it closes.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Oh yeah? What's his name?", Lisa Simpson replied.
"How? Why?", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson said: "It's this new anti-crime dealie. The mayor turned the streetlights way up. My daughter Lisa feels really strongly about it."
Bart Simpson: "It was..."
Seymour Skinner: "Well, at any rate, it is my reluctant decision --"
Homer Simpson: "SOME PEOPLE CALL ME A SPACE COWBOY / YEAH / SOME CALL ME THE GANGSTER OF LOVE / SOME PEOPLE CALL ME MAURICE. Woo woo / 'CAUSE I SPEAK OF THE PUPPETS OH OF LOVE."
Homer Simpson replied: "Not the one you're thinking of, there's another one."
"Maggie?", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "The best you'll ever have."
"The heart is the symbol for love." Homer Simpson answered.
"Daaadd! Hellllp!" Bart Simpson said.
"Thank you.", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded "I do!"
Ned Flanders answered: "I may regret this when our air runs out and we can't whistle or stay alive, but oh, what the hey..."
Moe Szyslak replied "Are you kiddin' me? You're the best thing to come into this bar since cable TV. And unlike cable TV, I ain't stealin' you from the Chinese restaurant across the street there."
Homer Simpson replied "Parents Island?"
"And now, making his debut on the catwalk... Bartholomew!" Lisa Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Is this the one with the lazy sperm?"
Bart Simpson said: "Yeah, that sounds right."
Moe Szyslak replied: "I did not think this through."
"Nothin'. Nothin'. Somethin'!", Ned Flanders said.
"Somehow I missed that phase." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Mr. Burns, I hardly see what destroying our meager possessions is going to accomplish.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Dad, how could you? We were connecting in such a meaningful way.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Because you never feed him, walk him or let him out to pee."
"Bart! Thank God I had this in my pocket.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Who or what is Hugo?" Bart Simpson said.
"Marge germs!", Homer Simpson said.
"Attention. This is an emergency broadcast. All is well in the school. My authority as principal is total -- Hey, gimme that.", Seymour Skinner said.
"THERE'S A STRANGER IN THE MANGER AND HIS NAME IS LOVE Take it, Homer!", Ned Flanders responded.
"Well, that's what we want them to do, Homer." Marge Simpson replied.
"How am I supposed to last five days without shooting something?", Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Excellent."
"Ah, you know, part of spending time together as a family is spending time apart as individuals." Marge Simpson said.
"Ned Flanders actually eliminated detention and put the whole school on the honor system?" Seymour Skinner replied.
Bart Simpson responded "Uh... okay."
"Be be be be be." Bart Simpson responded.
"Fascinating." Bart Simpson replied.
"Lurleen.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Wow, a bustling metropolitan newsroom, funnelling scoops from all over the globe." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Mmmm.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Chocolate..." Homer Simpson answered.
"So, Bart, the little dickens, is going through that phase where young boys think their dad's an idiot.", Homer Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak answered "And done."
Homer Simpson said "I guess he's got us there."
"Stop, Homer! Please!", Marge Simpson said.
"Oh, oh, oh. I'm sorry. We were talking about chocolate?" Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "Please let it be a bear that did this."
"Don't listen to him, Duffman. For once in your life, stand up for the little guy!", Homer Simpson said.
"One month? That's a heavy workload for a fourth grader.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Do you want to come in and get your sister with me?"
Bart Simpson: "How come Dad's not with you?"
"With one little difference." Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "I don't believe it! Principal Skinner!"
Marge Simpson said "What are you doing? Why are you frosting that old throw pillow?"
Homer Simpson replied "No one makes my daughter sob and run."
Marge Simpson replied: "It's Bart!"
"Excellent." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Bart, how could you shock your little sister?" Marge Simpson said.
"I only grew half an inch. I'm still too short.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Children, I have some exciting news.", Seymour Skinner responded.
"My main finger?" Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Gunderson!"
Lisa Simpson responded "Ah, that used to be my face in the mud..."
"I need a formal dress for tonight!", Marge Simpson responded.
"You are?" Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Can't discuss that now, Marge. I have to write another delicious memo."
"It's gonna be one wholesome evening. So, do you think Marge could take care of rowdy Roddy and Typhoon Todd?", Ned Flanders said.
"But, Coach?", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Hey, show some respect. Three gingerbread workmen died making that."
"Hey Lenny, I need to leave early. Cover for me, will ya?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Hey, this Roosevelt guy was sorta interesting. Did you know he was a colonel in the army?", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Was it the kiss?"
"Hey! Wait a minute, does this have anything to do with Santa's Little Helper?", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "I'll take that, you stinkpot! Just warming up, Mrs. Bloominstein."
"It's even better than I thought... you've found your Moe Szyslak! In just a few short years you'll be getting your version of baked on your version of pot listening to your version of Journey." Homer Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders responded: "You bet."
Homer Simpson: "Woo hoo!"
Marge Simpson answered "The first step to liberation is to free ourselves from these... male imposed shackles."
Homer Simpson replied "Bart, Bart. We're home, son."
Homer Simpson said "You're a tough cookie, Maggie, but I'm gonna win you over. Just like I did with Lisa."
"Gee, Homer. Looks like you got yourself a real problem on your hands." Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "What are you, insane?"
Marge Simpson said "My God! That must be every policeman in Springfield!"
"I invited him to stay with us for a few days. His career is ruined, and I was afraid he might commit you-know-what-icide." Marge Simpson answered.
"I met this kid. A little older, kind of strange. I don't think other people get him, but I just wanna hang out with him all the time." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Hmmmm."
Bart Simpson answered: "For the last three years, I've asked that rosy-cheeked nog-hog for a dirt bike. And all he brought me was a zillion lame-o toys that I immediately broke and threw in this bag."
"Lisa, there are a lot of people in the world who like to tell you what you can't do. But they don't always know what they're talking about." Marge Simpson responded.
"Sure they will." Homer Simpson said.
"Well, we used to..." Marge Simpson responded.
"Your father's gone, too." Marge Simpson answered.
"Oww! Hot, hot, hot!", Bart Simpson responded.
"That's okay. I..." Marge Simpson answered.
"Our crew needs you, Bouvier. You've read enough fantasy novels to choke a Hippogriff!", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "C'mon, boy. All the nerds are doin' it."
Homer Simpson responded "I'll save you, Maggie!"
Bart Simpson: "What's his problem?"
Lisa Simpson said: "Hey, where's our parents?"
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Now, don't worry. I think you'll find that these two gentlemen are as American as apple pie! Hans and Fritz, well that's just John and Frank!"
"What about my family's tradition?", Lisa Simpson said.
"Well, that was a great night for us all." Homer Simpson answered.
"But I need to talk about man stuff!" Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "... And those bikers saw that hard look in my eye -- you know that hard look I get sometimes? -- and they ran away like schoolgirls with their tails between their legs."
"This seat taken?", Moe Szyslak said.
"What else?", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Y'know, all this danger is kind of a turn--"
Lisa Simpson responded "Hey, I read about this show in Teen Modern Maturity. They film passengers with hidden cameras and catch them at their most uninhibited."
Homer Simpson replied: "What did you call me?"
Homer Simpson replied "Stay crunchy, men! Stay crunchy!"
Lisa Simpson said "Yes!"
Homer Simpson responded "Aw come on, gravity. You used to be cool!"
"Don't! Uh... um... It's low-fat!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Oh yeah, oh yeah, I sleuthed my ass off on this one." Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson replied "Homer, you genius."
Homer Simpson responded: "I knew that."
"What did he look like?" Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "The gay guy?"
"Sir, have you no shame?" Lisa Simpson said.
"Happier!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Simpson.", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Milhouse, what's gotten into you?"
"France? Wow.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Marge! How did you get in here?", Homer Simpson replied.
"It all happened about two years ago..." Marge Simpson answered.
"I dunno, Herb. People are afraid of new things. You should have taken an existing product and put a clock in it or something.", Homer Simpson replied.
"You'll be fine, you always are." Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "Well, Dumbo had a magic feather. He thought he needed it to fly, but it turned out the magic was in him the whole time."
"You're right. We're getting screwed! There must be something I can do about this. Wait! Yes! I think I know just the thing!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh yeah? Well, we'll just see about that, Little Miss Smart Guy."
"Speak for yourself! Bart, get down here! I'm gonna spank you back to the Stone Age!", Homer Simpson responded.
"I'm proud of what I achieved during my rioting." Homer Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Oh, yeah, oh, I'm so sorry, uh, but tonight I've got a long-overdue manscaping. But have fun! 'Cause you're the one that I want."
Homer Simpson said "A slightly colder fridge? In my lifetime? Amazing."
"Well, I guess I learned my lesson. The thing is, I lost creative control of the project. And I forgot to ask for any money. Well, live and learn.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "What are you guys doing up there?"
Marge Simpson replied "Okay, Lisa, we're ready for your centerpiece!"
"Umm... Whoever did this is in very deep trouble.", Seymour Skinner replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Well what a surprise. Marge sticks up for Flanders! Can we have one conversation where you don't bring up your hero, Ned Flanders?"
"Of course, because you wouldn't want to... I paid for your splendor, you...!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Yes. They should go. Just as soon as they perform this musical I've written in celebration of our nation's birth." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Lisa Simpson said "While Bart was being outwitted by a baby, something was coming to a boil in our Pop's brainpan."
Marge Simpson responded "Gee, I wish we could explore a little more of Italy."
Lisa Simpson responded "But, no, we killed Mr. Burns."
Marge Simpson answered "So you're a taxi?"
Marge Simpson responded "I should get some sleep..."
Bart Simpson: "Mom, a man just died."
"CHAKA KHAN, LET ME ROCK YOU / LET ME ROCK YOU, CHAKA KHAN / CHAKA KHAN CHAKA KHAN...", Homer Simpson responded.
"And we're in Hall D. Three halls, three minutes..." Homer Simpson responded.
"Homie, Homie, I can finally tell you how we really got the money..." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "All expenses paid?"
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Ahh. The solarium. We'll be safely cornered in this glass room with one door."
Bart Simpson answered: "T-shirts! Get your sassy T-shirts! Fifty percent cotton, one hundred percent awesome!"
"So are you gonna say something nice now?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Bart, it's time to get ready for the show." Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "Are you saying I'm wasting my time?"
Bart Simpson: "What's that noise?"
"Oh no!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Oh my Lord!" Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Hey, everybody. I'm home."
"...And though Hiram, Mabel, and Eliza are no longer among us, their truth goes marching on. Thank you." Lisa Simpson responded.
"He's definitely dead!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Put a sock in it, Roy."
"That's the coolest bowling ball I've ever seen.", Homer Simpson said.
"What'd you kids get?", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "And make life-long connections to the world of Organized Crime. Hmmm... organized crime."
"Okay, okay, how about this: next week, you take the kids on a Saturday Surprise Dad Day." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Locked, eh? Well, I just might have a little surprise up my sleeve for old Mr. Lock. Step aside, boy."
"Talk to him. Use your words.", Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "Lisa, how's your Eiffel Tower kit?"
"I can't stress enough how easy it was to win this prestigious race. And furthermore...", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "Who's gonna eat my homework now?"
Homer Simpson answered "Aw, what a gyp."
Bart Simpson: "Check it out, Homes. You said if I ever got a hundred on a test, you'd throw me a party."
"Loser-mobile... heh, heh ... wait a minute!" Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "Haven't we been humiliated enough?"
"Wowww...", Homer Simpson responded.
"Perfect.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Well then come down for breakfast." Marge Simpson said.
"Edmund's almost here, so PLEASE nobody be themselves!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Why does Danger Dog mean more to me than school or church?" Bart Simpson responded.
"Not yet. If I do, she'll never let me go to the boys' math class again." Lisa Simpson said.
"Sorry. Our ticket out of this hellhole." Homer Simpson said.
"And I filed down all the sharp corners. See, your eye is completely safe.", Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak replied: "Hold on. Uh..Jacques Strap! Hey, guys, I'm looking for a Jacques Strap!"
"Hey, that's super! See you later." Homer Simpson said.
"So, Mr. Hutz, does my husband have a case?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Well, that is one lucky creepy guy." Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "Why don't you let us watch TV and get her a Roofi CD?"
"CALL MR. PLOW / THAT'S MY NAME / THAT NAME AGAIN IS MR. PLOW." Homer Simpson said.
"Bart, you are going to be in so much trouble when Mom and Dad get home. Now go to bed!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "WHO CAN TAKE YOUR TRASH OUT? / STOMP IT DOWN FOR YOU? / SHAKE THE PLASTIC BAG AND DO THE TWISTY-THINGY TOO? / THE GARBAGE MAN..."
Homer Simpson replied: "What's going on here? You weirdos love this stuff."
Homer Simpson answered "Wherever my soul mate is, it's not here."
Lisa Simpson replied "Bart, get out of my anchor chair."
"Mommm, can't Bart get his massage somewhere else?", Lisa Simpson replied.
"That seems... feasible." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Ah, here's a chance to earn my keep. I will go out and get these items from the food jobber." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Okay, maybe secrets are a big deal, but my daughter's a good kid. So why don't you act your age, forgive her and let me down.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "Whatcha doin', Mom? Goin' crazy?"
Ned Flanders responded: "WELL, I DON'T KNOW IF THE ALLEGATIONS ARE TRUE / BUT YOU GOT US, AND BABY, WE GOT YOU."
"Put pie here.", Homer Simpson responded.
"So Wayne, how'd you learn all those cool self-defense moves?" Bart Simpson replied.
"Exactly. Now there's nothing left out there but treasure.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Yes." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "And I'm not done yet. You know that little ball you put on the aerial so you can find your car in a parking lot? That should be on every car."
"Hello, police? This is Marge Simpson. My husband is on a murderous rampage. Over." Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded: "Oh, Homer!"
"And why are the kids here?" Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak responded "Hey, hey, I found a clue that's gonna bust your mystery wide open!"
"Shock and Awe, losers! Shock and Awe!" Homer Simpson responded.
"No problem. I bought you a hat." Bart Simpson answered.
"Hey, don't ever stop, because tonight we made it in New York!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Chief Wiggum, Homer and I are innocent." Marge Simpson said.
"Okay." Ned Flanders replied.
"Good morning, honey. How's my special little guy?" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "First, you gotta shriek lika a woman, and keep sobbing till he turns away in disgust. That's when it's time to kick some back."
Homer Simpson responded "Tilt? You monster!"
Lisa Simpson said: "Dad, the traffic's moving."
Marge Simpson responded: "Hey, kids! I scream, you scream, we all scream for..."
"Oh, boy!", Moe Szyslak replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "You're not welcome."
"It's James Taylor!", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Fine, get it. Lets go."
Bart Simpson responded "Cool!"
Homer Simpson replied "Dave?"
"Well, I'll just call you friend. Here's your tape... friend.", Ned Flanders replied.
"All right, well, it just explains that you've won -- yes, that's it -- won the first annual... uh... Montgomery Burns... uh... Award for... a-a-a Outstanding Achievement in...a-a th... th.. the field of... uh, Excellence!" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Principal Skinner, I feel so bad for you.", Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "Oh, Bart, I hope you're not taking this seriously. Even a five-year-old knows that this is as choreographed as any ballet."
Seymour Skinner said "Oh, Bart, I'm not sure random locker searches are permitted by the Supreme Court..."
"Internet, eh?", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "Annnnd, finished."
Homer Simpson answered "Let her slice off the tip of your ear, and she'll go right to sleep."
"Finished this page?" Lisa Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders said "I need your advice. It's about a lady."
Lisa Simpson answered: "What, you can't stand the idea of a girl coaching a boys' baseball team?"
Homer Simpson said "MIGHT I ADD -- NO FAT CHICKS."
"Okay... seems to me , what you oughta do is, um..." Homer Simpson responded.
"Good luck, Mr. Burns. And if you get in trouble, I wrote some jokes about how white people are different from black people.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "I know another place you can go -- to sleep!"
"In your face, Belgium!", Bart Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Dear Lord. Here. You need this more than I do."
"Oh, no you won't." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "You mean there's a better way?"
"I ain't gonna get outta the fourth grade alive." Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "Did you see that?"
"Do you have an idea?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"How do you do, sir?", Homer Simpson replied.
"A woman can be smart, beautiful and powerful. Like Queen Elizabeth the First! She had it all, except the most important thing.", Marge Simpson said.
"Throw him out, Smithers." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"I'M IN HERE!!!", Seymour Skinner responded.
"Oy carumba!", Bart Simpson replied.
"Um... it means you used to be afraid, but now you're not.", Bart Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner responded "I don't agree to that."
Bart Simpson responded "You guys should relax. You'll live longer."
"No, do not make room! Except for Mr. Largo and his diet, there is no cheating in this school." Seymour Skinner answered.
"Woo hoo!", Homer Simpson answered.
"THE GI-ANT GATOR!" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Meters?"
"Uh-oh.", Ned Flanders responded.
"Arctic Circle! I just got that!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Way to get us back on topic, Marge."
"Rocks!" Bart Simpson responded.
"Well you can take another -- in forty years!", Marge Simpson said.
"I wish you wouldn't put Homer down like that. He may not be a big success like you, but I can always count on him to provide for the family.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Let's all calm down. Everyone's going to be just fine, as long as I've got enough beer."
"What? That's your job. If he starts doing Lisa's wood chopping..." Homer Simpson responded.
"Oooh -- Oh -- so close!", Bart Simpson replied.
"Save your tears, Moe. Save 'em in a shot glass for someone who still has a shred of hope.", Homer Simpson said.
"You've changed me as well. I'm no longer the money-driven workaholic I once was.", Homer Simpson responded.
"... pay attention to you, my sweet little father-loving pile of forgiveness. Yes." Homer Simpson answered.
"Well thank you, Bart. I only hope that for the next few hours you and I can leave our differences in the schoolyard.", Seymour Skinner answered.
"Great news, Mom!" Bart Simpson answered.
"What do you think Mom and Dad are doing right now?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "Bart, I know this is nuts, but try to look sad."
"Cloud goes up. Cloud goes down. Cloud goes up. Cloud goes down..." Homer Simpson replied.
"No. But I got it." Homer Simpson replied.
"They all have hilarious names and are delicious." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "No, no, no, no, let's see how long we can keep 'em waiting. Everyone act like we're buckling up to go home."
"It's not fair, Dad. Why should an animal die just because you and Moe are fighting?", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Congratulations, partner! We did it.", Moe Szyslak responded.
"Thank God you're okay!", Marge Simpson said.
"Dad? Did you just call?", Lisa Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns: "Now open the folder. It contains your next victim."
"Here-here-here you go, mister.", Moe Szyslak responded.
Bart Simpson replied "Oh, for cryin' out loud."
Marge Simpson replied: "Listen... I'm late for a P.T.A. meeting."
"You think that's traumatic." Bart Simpson responded.
"Could not!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Homer's not here, man.", Homer Simpson said.
"It is! But if you've got the stones, I can tell you how to slay that Gal-ioth.", Ned Flanders replied.
Seymour Skinner: "I wish I could make a P.A. announcement to the whole world. Attention, everyone: Seymour Skinner is in love!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Hey, at least I got to see some cool colors."
"Hmm... let me mull that over.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "So what? We won."
"Mother, she's right here." Seymour Skinner replied.
Marge Simpson replied "But my car is down there!"
"You're going to take DNA from these historical figures and add it to your own?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Will this Christmas never end?" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Oh."
Homer Simpson replied "If anyone knows a reason why these two should not be joined, let them speak now... or forever hold their peace."
"...but perhaps Earth's greatest achievement is moon rocks. Oh, and the golden age of radio." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "I don't want anyone to give her a hard time just because she's different. No jokes, no taunting... Look! That kid's got bosoms! Who's got a wet towel?"
Homer Simpson replied "I did bad in school."
Marge Simpson answered "But he won't know where to go or what to eat."
"It's jazz! Jazz! You don't even know the name of the thing you are stealing from me!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Hey kids... uh... you haven't seen Maggie around anyplace have you?"
Lisa Simpson answered "Did you see that?"
Lisa Simpson responded "Nice going, Bart. You've ruined Halloween, Thanksgiving, Christmas and Easter. The legendary grand slam."
"Way to go, Dad!" Bart Simpson said.
"We're receiving a transmission from an unknown source!", Marge Simpson said.
"Look, Boris. I think ballet's for sissies.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "What are you talking about?"
Marge Simpson answered: "We don't have a stash."
"Too far." Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh man, stakeouts are so boring. I wish I had something to look at." Moe Szyslak responded.
Marge Simpson said: "Yes they did, look closer."
Seymour Skinner responded: "Boy for sale! Boy for sale!"
"Television! Teacher, mother, secret lover." Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, crap. It's on fire!", Homer Simpson said.
"NBC has lots of great shows, and their news and sports coverage can't be beat!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"I thought I'd show you this when you were older, but...", Marge Simpson replied.
"Maybe I could wuther your heights?", Homer Simpson replied.
"I need you guys to help me. Why'd you lock yourselves in?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Not to." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "It doesn't matter. All I want to know is: Will you make me the luckiest guy in the world... again?"
"Lemme check." Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Mr. Burns, I think we can trust the President of Cuba."
Marge Simpson replied: "You lied to me! You promised to get rid of this gun!"
Homer Simpson said: "Quiet, Lisa. You're scaring your mother."
Homer Simpson answered "That's me!"
"Then they said they were gonna kill Poochie off!" Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak said: "Geez, Homer. I never seen you so depressed. As your life partner, I'm very worried."
Marge Simpson responded: "Bart, from now on, the baby sleeps in the crib."
"SO FIND YOURSELF A MAN WHO'LL WANT YOU IN THE SACK", Homer Simpson answered.
"I can't do this in front of Lisa. Why does she have to believe in things?", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "The dude thought a while, then said:"
"Come to my house at midnight." Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "But I am far more pessimistic."
Lisa Simpson: "When do we get to see the animals?"
Homer Simpson said: "All right. All right. We'll find a way. Lousy manipulative dog."
"Mary, we've just been through three hours of music. Usually, I only have music one hour a week, and the teacher spends it reading real estate listings for Fire Island.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Woo hoo! You're still mine! And you thought I was a bad dad before."
Bart Simpson responded: "There must be some reason no one ever adopted you. Is one of your feet a hand?"
Homer Simpson: "Mmmm, Danish."
"How'd that get in there?", Bart Simpson said.
"I mean... you know... Mr. Burns... is so... old...", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "Morning!"
"Butt." Bart Simpson said.
"By discussing the school's budget crisis?" Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Mmm... hug."
Homer Simpson responded: "Why'd he do that?"
"You bought that bowling ball for you, not for me." Marge Simpson responded.
"Hey, we can't leave here without turning one little valve." Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered: "The store is so busy. You and Bart are really great businessmen."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Here you go."
Ned Flanders responded: "Uh-huh. Floor feels a little gritty here."
Marge Simpson responded "No honey, Gladys looked more like your Aunt Patty."
"Don't bother struggling -- I've got your scruff.", Seymour Skinner answered.
"Nah. Too many bad memories." Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson responded: "No, it's not that. Didn't you hear? They have no bananas. They have no bananas today."
Marge Simpson replied "Major League Baseball?"
"I can't believe you gave me your home phone number.", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Fine. We're all going to stay here with the comic book. It'll be like a sleep-over. Yeah, a sleep-over. That's what pals do, right? Real friendly-like.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Nelson, either tell them what they're having for lunch, or get off the P.A." Seymour Skinner answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Well, our little girl has a gift and we're willing to do what it takes to help her."
Homer Simpson: "Backstage pass, you just became a payback rage pass."
"Wanna get a snow cone?" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Well, you'll never take me alive!"
Homer Simpson answered "Ah, the Luftwaffe. The Washington Generals of the History Channel."
Homer Simpson said: "I'm stuck! Help me!"
"I bought my lunch at the gas station." Lisa Simpson said.
"What the hell is that?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Don't take Grampa's meds!" Marge Simpson said.
"Homer, I happen to like handicrafts much more than stuffing my face." Marge Simpson said.
"Yes. Something wild.", Seymour Skinner replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Befoul an army helmet? You'd like that, wouldn't ya, hippie?"
"Hey Dad, did you color your hair too?", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Marge, this is a way to flush this killer out once and for all -- and get drunk on a Tuesday."
"Two adults, please." Homer Simpson answered.
"Noooooo!", Seymour Skinner responded.
"We're slightly richer!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"But inside it's mostly about Ross Perot. And the last two chapters are excerpts from the Oliver North trial.", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "What? Who is this?"
Homer Simpson: "Oh, okay."
"Heh, heh, heh. Yeah they swore they'd get us back by spiking our water supply. But they didn't have the guts." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "Homer, you could've just unscrewed the bottom."
"The early bird gets the shaft!" Homer Simpson answered.
"The father of the loser mows the lawn --", Marge Simpson said.
"Ned, let's cut to the chase." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said "Really?"
Homer Simpson said: "I guess we should count our blessings he's not dead."
"Moving the whole town five miles down the road! It's crazy!", Marge Simpson said.
"How did a lion get rich?" Bart Simpson responded.
"Okay... this should do it." Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, Bart. Now where's your father?" Marge Simpson responded.
"I can hit that one pin all right. But the rest of them don't even wobble.", Marge Simpson said.
"We'll miss you, Shary Bobbins." Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "Aw, c'mon, Dad. Get on the trolley."
Bart Simpson responded "Hey, you built a model city. Is that the school?"
"You're lucky you're behind glass.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Why? Is it messing you up?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Ha! I'd never help you. You're the worst man in the world.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"I've never noticed that sign before, and I'm a very good noticer.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Food Dad! Food Dad! Food Dad!"
Homer Simpson answered "And one moonlit night, I finally had fun at a mini-golf course."
Marge Simpson said "Calm down! If we hurry, they can reattach your thumb."
Bart Simpson: "Oh man, now he's even more popular!"
"You know, dad, we've been watching a lot of TV lately. Maybe, the Sunday after the Super Bowl, we could hike up to the top of Mount Springfield. The fires in the tire yard really make for some beautiful sunsets.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "I am in constant pain."
Lisa Simpson responded: "There must be a better way."
"I am the gayest super-villain ever! Beware my scented candles! Oooooo, scented!", Homer Simpson said.
"You're out of tonic.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Homer, you didn't do a very good job frosting Maggie's birthday cake." Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "Oh, that's so sad."
Homer Simpson replied: "I wanted you all to be happy together, so I brought you to the zoo where all the animals live in harmony."
"I think we might have termites.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Hm.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "All right!"
"Throw it away! Nothing good has ever come out of New York City!", Homer Simpson said.
"Spooky.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Damn straight." Homer Simpson said.
"Pretty slick.", Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson replied "Okay, guys. Get ready! We're just seconds away!"
Homer Simpson replied "Omigod! He's stealing all the burgers! Why you little - I've got you!"
"Oh my God! Spend a summer in Rome!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Marge, I've figured out an alternative to giving up my beer. Basically, we become a family of traveling acrobats..."
Homer Simpson replied: "A song? Wait, it's coming back to me."
"Oh yeah. Men are such dogs, and vice versa." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "What move? We haven't moved! What's going on?!"
"Smithers! Run down to Sears Roebuck and get a five-eighths inch Phillips head bolt!" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Ned Flanders said "Oh, I admit it! It's only two-alarm -- two-and-a-half tops! I just wanted to be a big man in front of the kids."
"Superintendent Chalmers, you didn't have to come all the way down here. Everything's under control.", Seymour Skinner answered.
"Hockey Dad rules! Feel the drunken wrath of Chuck Shadowski!" Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded: "Oh, I forgot to clean the lint basket in the dryer. If someone broke into the house and did laundry, it could start a fire."
"Now Lisa won't know about death till it strikes someone close to her." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Dig up his grave! Pull out his tongue!"
"I find this demeaning and embarrassing beyond my worst nightmares.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Take 'em! Take 'em! Fill their pockets with corn and toss 'em to the pigs." Moe Szyslak responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "Like, you know, whatever."
"Now drive, Smithers, drive!", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Change course! Carol must be warned!" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Aye aye ya big dummy. Ehhh...what a dummy." Moe Szyslak answered.
"All right.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Well, Marge, we could do worse."
"Singing is the lowest form of communication." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "Homer, come here."
Homer Simpson replied: "You wait 'til next month! You wait 'til next month!"
Seymour Skinner responded: "Well, Uter? I don't remember any Uter. Silly name -- Uter."
Homer Simpson replied: "Actually, Bart, I threw up more than your mother. ... It all happened at the beginning of that turbulent decade known as the '80s."
Homer Simpson said: "So you're just gonna let me walk out of here sober."
"But Homer, we're the only family he's got..." Marge Simpson said.
"If this gets out, the next words you say will be muffled by your own butt." Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Thanks for knowing I mean well."
Homer Simpson: "Barney, how'd you like to sing for our group?"
"No. The island of San Glucose. Good times.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Were you worried about me, boy?"
Lisa Simpson responded "No, Maggie. Not Az-tec. Ol-mec. Ol-mec."
Bart Simpson: "Where am I?"
"Same here." Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "No, I'm not!"
"Cash'll be okay! Or stock? Does your company have stock?" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "So you had a little scuffle, eh? Hope you won."
"So, uh, what would you gentlemen like? I mean, I know what you'd like, and hey, why wouldn't you like it? Oh, ain't being comfortable with something weird the best? I'm gonna pour some beers now." Moe Szyslak responded.
"Nah." Homer Simpson said.
"Freak-outs?" Bart Simpson said.
"Your mouth is hopin' for a soapin', boy! Now stop asking silly questions and go kill your brother!" Ned Flanders replied.
"And now we wait. So... is this your school?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Just a couple of good ol'-fashion manly places. Father and son.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Marge, it'll cost eighty-five hundred dollars. We only have five hundred in the bank. That leaves... eighty- hundred we need."
Bart Simpson said: "I can't believe we're gonna see the octuplets."
"Look at the size of that gator!", Lisa Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Happy Birthday, Mr. Smithers."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Whoa / Curfew?"
Moe Szyslak: "An intruder!"
"I guess... that's that, then." Marge Simpson replied.
"Oh, well. Be a good girl, Maggie.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Great, thanks. Listen, settle a bet: behind that smile you're dying, right?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Dr. Hibbert? But we heard you'd gone mad.", Marge Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders responded: "I noticed."
Homer Simpson said "Marge, if I had a hundred dollars for every customer I'd broken up, I'd have exactly this amount. 'Cause that's what I charge!"
Marge Simpson answered "What were you thinking, sending Bart to such an awful place?"
Marge Simpson answered "Yeah."
Lisa Simpson answered "Mom, Dad's been hypnotized to think he was ten!"
Marge Simpson answered: "See?..."
"Marge, Marge! There I was, I had just caught the largest fish you'd ever seen, when I was abducted by a flying saucer!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Phew.", Ned Flanders said.
"Eh, it's not the end of the world.", Homer Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Homer Simpson!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "It's Mrs. Hoover's birthday!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Yeah, a raise! I've never been good enough at any job to deserve one before. But I'm damn good at this one. That's it! I'm gonna march right up to Al and say..."
Homer Simpson replied: "Hmm, have we deposited any forty-thousand dollar checks that haven't cleared yet?"
Marge Simpson responded "Those were your father's sweatpants."
Bart Simpson: "Well, I paid for this ticket. That makes me an adult. I'm going."
Homer Simpson answered: "Pleased to meet you. Uh, perhaps this is inappropriate, but I have a mechanical question while the kids are out of the room, that I can't help wondering about."
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Who wants a kiss? Who wants a kiss?"
Homer Simpson replied: "You're going down, you--"
Homer Simpson responded "Why you very little...!"
Homer Simpson replied: "You know, the old lady's apartment was actually Lenny's. We just used a different duvet cover."
"Remember our honeymoon?", Homer Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak said: "Uh, they'd be much happier as ghosts."
"Look, what should I say to make people not hate me?" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Good for you, son. Giving up smoking is one of the hardest things you'll ever have to do. Have a dollar."
"You keep thinkin' that.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Who needs you? Tom's a better father than you ever were." Bart Simpson said.
"Well, maybe someone else can help you, but I am not a drug grocer!" Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "It's people like you who are ruining our downtown promenades and piazzas. How dare you prey on the greedy and stupid, like this."
"Oh! Oh! Well, all right." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Welcome to the Internet, my friend. How can I help you?"
"What are you doing with that?" Marge Simpson said.
"Wait, something's wrong. That's better." Homer Simpson replied.
"Uh, we didn't order that.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Hey, the bathroom's a block away." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Hey, hey, guys. Knock it off. It's just my wife."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Dad, Dad, you're driving on the sidewalk."
Bart Simpson replied: "Yeah, I know a little place."
"You'll see..." Lisa Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Oh hush! Now let's enjoy the Miami of Canada -- Chicago!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Gimme another one."
Homer Simpson responded: "See these? American donuts. Glazed, powdered, and raspberry filled. Now how's that for freedom of choice?"
"Okay.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Science has already proven the dangers of smoking, alcohol and Chinese food. But I can still ruin soft drinks for everyone." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Well, howdy strangers! What can I do ya for?" Ned Flanders answered.
"The dump?" Marge Simpson responded.
"It's an insult. Sock him, Dad. Sock everybody." Bart Simpson said.
"It's no use. We've got to make an emergency landing." C. Montgomery Burns said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Aw, come on, guys, we've only got a few minutes..."
Marge Simpson: "Uh, I guess."
Homer Simpson responded "I bet you can't throw a cat over the house."
"Yeah, I warned you about that.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Twenty eight minutes till Burns comes. Time for operation Mail Take."
Bart Simpson said: "Hey, there's a dog in the next car lookin' at me. Hey, dog."
"I'm just trying to party with you guys.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Why don't you admit I know it's around here somewhere?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Come on..." Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "Bart, maybe this is something you'd like to do, too."
"Homer, you can't drive a car onto a subway! You need a special sticker just to bring a bike! Have you no respect for the law?", Ned Flanders answered.
"Goodnight, broom. Good night jukebox that won't play a tune.", Moe Szyslak answered.
Lisa Simpson responded "Mom, I can't find anything on Sacagawea. Just a couple books on Ron Santo."
"Well, we'll see about that.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Is that so? Well, sleazy entertainment and raunchy jokes will never be as popular as sobriety and self-denial!", Marge Simpson responded.
"Helms Calls for Donut Tax?!" Homer Simpson replied.
"I had something better to do.", Bart Simpson said.
"Wait a minute...", Homer Simpson answered.
"Must destroy mankind! Ohh, lunch time." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "That's a negatory, good buddy!"
"...and then I saw my boy in a burlap sack and they told me he had lice!" Marge Simpson said.
"Don't panic, son. We can bust up Teachy and Preachy. Here's what we do: I'll take Flanders out and remind him of the joys of the single life. You scare Rod and Todd by telling them Krabappel will become their evil stepmother.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "I've been so bored since we moved here, I've found myself drinking a glass of wine every day. I know doctors say you should drink a glass and a half, but I just can't drink that much."
"I better pull over and play it safe.", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "Sweetie, I know it itches, but you've gotta stop scratching!"
"Honey, there's something I wanna show you." Homer Simpson responded.
"Excellent. In that case, no one will be fired after all." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "All I know is, I'm finally getting the support I need."
"Go to hell.", Homer Simpson said.
"Homer!", Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "Okay, this little guy's coming home with me! Who's gonna get neutered tomorrow? You are! Oh, yes you are."
"Wow!" Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "But he's innocent."
"What are the first three?" Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns: "Well, Smithers, don't you know how to paint the town red."
"Well, need some help there? You know, maybe you folks should come over and hunker in our bunker." Ned Flanders said.
"You can't drive, Dad. He's got your license.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "Good night, dad. You know, these last few days have been really swell. I wish there was something I could do to repay you."
"You used to be nicer!", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded "Shut up! I just want to know what she's up to with Milhouse. A girl like her could get a fifth grader -- maybe even Kyle LoBianco!"
Bart Simpson said "Did someone order a happy ending?"
"Dad, you're scary when you're calm and focused.", Lisa Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns: "Good God, I'm at war with a little girl... and I'm losing!"
"Gotta get a juicer. Gonna drink juice, lose weight. Won't get chest pain from answering the phone anymore." Homer Simpson responded.
"Ah, Monday morning. Time to pay for your two days of debauchery, you hung-over drones." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "That's great, sweetie. After all that time and hard work, I'll have... radishes?! It's the most hated part of salad, which is the most hated part of dinner! Radishes. Nothing but radishes."
Homer Simpson answered: "Don't worry. I'm just gonna drain the area around your wound. So cold... so cold..."
Ned Flanders responded "That's a good one."
"No, you saved our lives." Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "And I can just haul it away? Free?"
"Yeah, a kid should be real simple to kill.", Moe Szyslak responded.
Homer Simpson: "There it is, nice and smooth. I'd like to see your boyfriend the contractor do a better job."
"Go get your money.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "You don't remember how you got it?"
"No." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Listen to yourself, man. You're hangin' with nerds.", Bart Simpson said.
Ned Flanders responded "Well sir, we could do a little Quid Pro for the Kay-Pro. The left-handed convention is in town, and as the owner of Springfield's largest southpaw shop, I just gotta be there. Could you uh, nanny-goat my kid-diddly-ids?"
"We killed Itchy and Scratchy?" Bart Simpson answered.
"It's Bliiiiisssss." Marge Simpson answered.
"Well, I don't know. I just naturally assumed it was some of my business." Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "Cool, a lie detector."
"Uh oh.", Bart Simpson answered.
"I can finally compost!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "If the Expendables movies have taught us anything, it's that people do their best work after they're old and forgotten."
Bart Simpson replied: "Hootie and the Blowfish?"
"I do.", Homer Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "I spent thirty years digging this tunnel, but now I can't use it. I'm simply too old."
"Maybe." Homer Simpson answered.
"Hey, I enjoy you plenty.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Lady, I'm not a hairdresser -- I just put a new lid on a couple of trashcans."
"Whoa, big deal... dry macaroni... spray paint and glue. Whoopee!" Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "Yee-hawww!"
Homer Simpson said "You may not realize this, Bart, but your mother and I have been fighting about you a lot lately. And I've realized our marriage is more important than your future. From now on, you're on your own."
"What are you doing?", Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered "I'm just saying it's gonna be hard for me to quit, especially before the recital."
Homer Simpson responded "Who, me?"
Homer Simpson said: "Stupid, stupid, stupid! We forgot to create a fake author!"
"We always have one good kid and one lousy kid. Why can't both our kids be good?", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "My Magazines and roach traps... gone, all gone."
"Cheer up, Krusty. You're a clue in the People Magazine crossword puzzle. What more can a man want?" Bart Simpson replied.
"Huh? Whoa, Good morning, world!" Bart Simpson answered.
"Mr. Burns... I was wondering if I could get a raise.", Homer Simpson said.
"Homie... Put down your magazine for a minute...", Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh, my God! My Dad had a long talk with me about this, but you can't believe it till you see it!", Bart Simpson said.
"That bad. Wow." Homer Simpson said.
"Homer!" Marge Simpson said.
"It's a hobby. I'm not in this for any personal gain, heavens no. By the way, are you acquainted with our state's stringent usury laws?", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Bart Simpson answered "Sure, why not?"
"Evening." Moe Szyslak responded.
"Well, most of us." Lisa Simpson replied.
"With cans of grease?" Marge Simpson said.
"I admit it. I didn't know when to say when. I'm sorry it happened and I just hope you didn't lose a lot of respect for me." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "All pooted out."
"Well, you'll never have to.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Colonel, we're here to discuss the terms of your surrender.", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "Uh, not really."
"Heya, Homer!", Ned Flanders responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "I have an idea. But I must go alone. My car is filled with printer paper I stole from work."
"That sounds horrible." Marge Simpson replied.
"Are you okay?" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Well, you can always depend on that."
Marge Simpson replied "Bart, no!"
"Whoa, a badger! Sorry man, you can't crash here. C'mon, let's go.", Bart Simpson answered.
"...we have received your manuscript 'The Chronicles of Equalia'..." Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "Observatory? This is Bart Simpson. I see something in the sky at... four, twelve, eight, and the last number is seven."
Lisa Simpson: "Please, Dad. This argument humiliates us both."
"Isn't anybody gonna show up?" Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "In a medium-security prison."
"Who are you?" Homer Simpson responded.
"One please." Bart Simpson answered.
"And I feel that you hear my shame.", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "That's nice, but maybe your Homecoming float should have something to do with college."
"You're just doing this to get back at me for dumping you!" C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Bart, wake up. I got that bike you wanted!", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "You'll find it's even more fun if you get it for me."
"Lou? What happened to you? You got fat!", Bart Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak: "Yeah, I wish I could say the same."
"Maggie? She's in her crib." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Mindy has a motorcycle."
"Superman." Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "This was a wonderful idea, Homie."
Homer Simpson answered "We'll be right back."
"Oh no. Inside, the evil Bartron is a horrible mutant boy.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Typical eco-jerks -- using words to talk!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "That was fast."
Lisa Simpson replied "Dad, if we're really off the grid, then we won't get power when the air is still."
Lisa Simpson answered "Arrrgh!"
"But we bowled together.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "Franklin Roosevelt bravely instituted a series of reforms called the New Deal..."
"Oh, well, you're very wel--" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Okay, boy. Flip through those highway warnings 'til we find one that'll stop that bus." Homer Simpson answered.
"Looks like you lost the patient, Doc." Bart Simpson replied.
"Good. Can you wax the car? Ow! Ow! Ow! I'm kidding! I'm kidding!", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "Thanks, but I'm almost done. Why don't you get back on the couch and watch TV?"
"Ralph! I thought you were dead!", Bart Simpson replied.
"Wow! Did you actually get to see the rod?" Bart Simpson replied.
"I'd just like to say one thing. I only agreed to this fight because I wanted to stop the violence. And sure I got into great shape and met some fun people, but I ended up discovering my own dark side. So from now on, the only thing I'm fighting is this cold I'm coming down with.", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Hurry! We're heading for the falls!"
"Is Bart cheating?", Lisa Simpson said.
"That's what I call break-neck speed.", Marge Simpson said.
"Barney, I'm not getting a sex change!", Homer Simpson answered.
"I formed a crude rocket from a discarded cigar tube. And remembering an experiment from my days as a fourth grade science teacher, I concocted a fuel from baking soda and the juice of discarded lemon wedges.", Seymour Skinner responded.
"Guys, guys! Look, it's a documentary -- nobody outside of this festival is ever gonna hear about it." Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "That's funny. I don't feel stupid."
"I thought you said it tasted terrible.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Fourteen carat gold!"
Homer Simpson replied "Mmm, cherry."
"Here, take my hanky.", Seymour Skinner replied.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Ladies, hold onto your husbands! It's time for the saucy antics of Springfield's own Basket-belles."
Homer Simpson responded: "Just get the ladle down there deep -- that's where the beaks are!"
Marge Simpson answered: "I'm sorry, Honey."
Lisa Simpson said "And now you can go back to just being you, instead of a one-dimensional character with a silly catchphrase."
"Did you hear? Homer's a critic!" Seymour Skinner said.
Seymour Skinner responded: "Welcome to Mensa! You've joined such luminaries as cartoonist Mell Lazarus, Geena Davis, and Parade Magazine's Marilyn vos Savant."
"I saw a guy with a gun and a snake tattoo say he was gonna hide out on top of Mount Springfield." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Keep walkin', Flanders."
"Uh, he was born with two noses and we hid him away till we could afford to cut one off.", Bart Simpson responded.
"My wife and kids stood by me. On the way home I realized how little that helped." Homer Simpson replied.
"Listen here, Kringle. I may have been naughty this year. But by today's standards, naughty's nothing. I didn't get anybody pregnant, I didn't Facebook a kid to death... make with my dirt bike!", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "So... watch me hit him right between the eyes."
"It's a plague, you moron! And we've got lots more planned, and there's nothing you can do about it!" Lisa Simpson said.
"No thanks." Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied "Iiiiiii Waaaaaannt... That one."
Seymour Skinner answered: "Sweet Georgia Brown! Something is rotten at the Simpson house."
Homer Simpson responded "Hey, um, you gonna be okay?"
Homer Simpson said: "That's for the courts to decide. Marge, she loves me."
"Oh, baby hate bib. Waah! Waah!", Bart Simpson replied.
"Yes, yes, yes. We all had plans. Except for me, ironically. I'm right where I want to be.", Seymour Skinner said.
"That was one lousy career day.", Seymour Skinner responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Sorry."
Marge Simpson said "Homie, why don't you study these?"
"What's wrong?" Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "But, but I wasn't... I didn't..."
"My wife thinks you want me to pay for it." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "I know this is hard on you, but in time you'll come to see it's for the best."
"We've gotta get the dogs outta there!", Bart Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak: "That comes in kid sizes too."
Marge Simpson answered "You know, Homer, you're like no one I've ever met before. You're dear and honest and open, without a trace of pretension."
Homer Simpson said "Still hungry, buddy?"
Homer Simpson said "Finally, someone explains it to me in words I can understand. Look, boy. I know I did wrong and I am truly sorry."
"The cops found me driving on the sidewalk." Bart Simpson replied.
"What will that do?", Lisa Simpson said.
"What's in your brand new bag, mama?" Homer Simpson answered.
"I'm sorry, Llewellyn. I just... I just don't see why Blanche should shove a broken bottle in Stanley's face. Couldn't she just take his abuse with gentle, good humor?", Marge Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders responded: "He scampered out of Parade magazine and into my knick-knack nook, and uh, well his little buddies soon followed."
Bart Simpson answered "It's a little something I whipped up in shop. Mostly latex. What're you doing out here?"
Homer Simpson said "So, which one of these psychos is gonna help me catch my killer?"
Moe Szyslak responded: "Hoo, boy."
"Dad, who's watching TV at 3:17 a.m.?" Bart Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner replied "Who is that?"
"Do I get a card?", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "We're on an old-time boat!"
"Huh, this has nothing to do with you, Simpson. I have many, many issues with my beloved smother -- mother." Seymour Skinner responded.
Marge Simpson answered "There's my old house!"
"I brought enough for everybody." Bart Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders: "What the gumdrops is going on, here?"
Marge Simpson replied: "This sounds awfully controversial. Lisa, you know I don't like controversy in this house."
"Hi there. I'm your dad-dy." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Overeating. And if there's time, we'll get to my drinking. But there won't be time." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Look at those pants. They're standing up with no one in them."
"He's getting closer!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "Oh, Mom, that's wonderful. Can I find out his favorite dish and help you make it!"
Marge Simpson replied "That was a very sweet thing you did for poor Wiggum, but what's going to happen to you?"
Bart Simpson replied "Nice suit, Jeeves!"
Seymour Skinner replied "Attention students. It's time once again to choose a gym class for the coming term. So let's all prove how adult we can be by filing to the gym in a calm and orderly manner. Even though it's first-come first-serve, and the most popular sports fill up fast."
"Gaga. Cute name.", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Yeah... plus I thought I might get to see an air conditioner fall on someone's head. But I guess that never really happens."
"Well, I'm sorry you couldn't feel for old Joe." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "You're right."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Bart, they're not here to entertain us."
"Oo! Oo! Me first!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Don't forget to wash your hands, Shakespeare."
"Perfect.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Death, Death, we miss you so much. You were a busboy in the restaurant of life, clearing away the oldies and the sickies and the chokies. And you made NASCAR racing exciting."
"Bye, bye, Leon / Bye, roomie / Bye, Pardner / You're a credit to Dementia!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "And I want you to believe me too. Isn't it great how much we agree?"
"Book 'im, Lou." Homer Simpson replied.
"I dunno. But in ten minutes I'm gonna have him kneeling before Zod. In this example, I'm Zod.", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "Look, Maggie, I made another you! Out of sticky orange wood!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, it was delightful. The frosting on the cake was this thick. And Eugene Fisk, my poor sucker of an assistant, didn't know the fruit punch was spiked. And he really made an ass of himself putting the moves on the new girl in Valve Maintenance."
Marge Simpson said "My childhood paradise -- it's a dump!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Get 'em, boy. Hit those smart-ass books."
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "YOU MAKE ME FEEL AS YOUNG / AS THE BLOOD I GET FROM SHEEP."
Bart Simpson responded: "Can we close the door?"
Homer Simpson responded "Really? You're proud of me?"
"Woo-hoo! Adult situations!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Single women of Springfield, your prayers have been Flanswered."
Bart Simpson replied "Okay, where do you want it?"
"Let's steal back our book." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "That's great. Even big stars take their kids to the zoo."
"Bart's grades are up a little this term. But Lisa's are way down." Marge Simpson responded.
"This woman carried me for nine and a half months. I was out for two weeks, then went back in." Seymour Skinner responded.
"What about my birthday party?" Bart Simpson replied.
"Hey, there is no way that Bart Simpson is a mama's boy.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "No, no, no! Don't pull me out before you click eject! That hurts like a mother--"
Homer Simpson: "We're gonna start doin' it in the morning?"
"Now as a special treat courtesy of our friends at the Meat Council, please help yourselves to this tripe.", Seymour Skinner said.
Marge Simpson answered "Aw, Homie."
"Well, you lucked out, Marge my man, 'cause I'm in a smiling mood today." Bart Simpson replied.
"Oh, I feel full enough as it is." C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Women and their horrible thoughts." Homer Simpson replied.
"You're right. That suit gizmo could be worth billions. And I'm gonna get a piece of the action!", Homer Simpson responded.
"It's about not agreeing on something." Marge Simpson said.
"Are you okay?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Hey, Mom.", Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "Oh Luke."
Bart Simpson replied: "Come on, people. We've got to buckle down here. When we're finished, we can go through Bill Clinton's porno stash..."
"It's so strange that the commissioner didn't show up." Lisa Simpson responded.
"A man who envies our family is a man who needs help." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Lisa, honey, I bought you something. A DVD!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Okay, first I'll send down my shoes."
"This is an outrage! I am two years and thirty-eight days older than she is! This is the greatest injustice in the history of the world!" Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Better let me hold these, Lis."
"C'mon, open it open it open it.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Where's he going?", Lisa Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Heave-ho! Heave-ho! Heave-ho! Heave-ho! Heave-ho!"
Homer Simpson responded "But we were about to learn an iron law of show business: What goes up must come down."
Bart Simpson said "Then go back to Jimbo and show him every boob you've got."
"Look, Skinner, we haven't got all day. Kill the horrid beasts, then do away with their lizards." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "A lot of people think our Dad's behavior has screwed us up. And it has!"
Homer Simpson said "Uh... the second one. Zilliphone. Next question."
Bart Simpson responded "Otto, a red traffic light means what?"
"I'm scared, Lisa.", Bart Simpson replied.
"$5000 for a computer and it can't handle a simple assignment." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "Welcome home, handsome!"
Homer Simpson: "Somebody buy this guy a tree so he'll shut up."
Homer Simpson: "Oh, this is great, honey. Thanks for telling me about it. I hope you don't mind I invited Lenny."
Homer Simpson replied "WHILE TURNING GAY THE OTHER DAY / A THOUGHT OCCURRED TO ME..."
Lisa Simpson said: "Spitballs!"
"Hey Homer, let's book! I want to get there in time to whip eggs at the warm-up act." Bart Simpson answered.
"Makes sense." Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner replied "You called?"
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Close one this year."
Marge Simpson answered "All right, I remember we all got in... and by the way, that backseat is pretty tight for the kids. I mean, I don't know what we'd do if we had another baby. With this car, we're basically saying no more babies!"
"Hysterical pregnancy?", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Since when?"
Lisa Simpson said: "Oh Bart, that's really sweet."
Homer Simpson: "Oh, come on, be fair Marge. For once in your life, be fair."
"Is too." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Rice Krispie Treats? Way to phone it in, Sarah Wiggum!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Aren't you coming, Ed?" Marge Simpson answered.
"Except for one thing... no chaperone." Marge Simpson responded.
"It was made for Elvis, but he found it tacky.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "Just stick it in the refrigerator when you're done. Bart. Bart?"
Homer Simpson said "Aw, four A.M. Now I'll never get back to..."
"Hello, ticket-holders!" Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner answered: "Not bad, Simpson. Did you wash your knees?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Maybe it is. I used to look at Marge and get the same tingle you guys get when you see Rip Taylor. But now, I don't know what's gonna happen. C'mon, let's dance."
Ned Flanders responded "Uh, is that your collar, Reverend?"
Homer Simpson replied: "More ribs for me?"
"Piece o' cake. Just need a little truck-driving music.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "Milhouse, whaddaya say to a make-up prank?"
Homer Simpson: "No problem."
Homer Simpson: "That's right. Just because we're not rich, doesn't mean that we don't have... Oh, I can't even finish. I wanna be rich!"
"Huh. Let's see what cousin Jessica's up to.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "Please don't ruin this for me, Bart. I think he's starting to like me!"
"It's cold outside. You'll need a sweater. A sweater!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Why you little..."
Bart Simpson replied: "Hey, guys, where'd you get all that great stuff?"
Marge Simpson replied "Just for standing on a thing?"
Seymour Skinner: "Just enjoy the movie. It has Tom Berenger."
Homer Simpson: "Well, here's ours. We're going to Disney World!"
Bart Simpson replied: "Lisa, it's not like you have a choice here."
Lisa Simpson: "Wheeee!"
Homer Simpson said: "It's him!"
"Ow! Cut it out, Bart.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Now, there's no need to...", Ned Flanders answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Stop!"
"Fievel was a mouse in a movie.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"I'm afraid so. And his wife's with him.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Woo hoo!", Homer Simpson said.
"Well that's what she is! I looked it up.", Bart Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak answered: "Yeah, that's showin' him, Barney. Pit the Elder."
Homer Simpson answered: "Ow!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "It's okay, but it's missing a piece."
"Homer... Homer... X.Y.Z." Marge Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns: "Dammit, I forget!"
"Bye, Moe." Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner: "Nelson?"
"Look outside your window." Bart Simpson responded.
"It's where I got this!", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered "But when we got home, he was waiting inside!"
"Um, shouldn't you all be singing carols or something?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Kids, would you like a balloon?", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Isn't it kind of dry?"
Bart Simpson said: "Look at that hunk o' junk."
"Ow! Mom! Lisa hit me!" Bart Simpson said.
"All right! It's time for ABC's TGIF lineup!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "Bowl full of jelly, pump lead in his belly..."
Lisa Simpson: "Parking lot."
Bart Simpson responded "Sounds like somebody's jealous."
Marge Simpson answered: "Gosh, I thought he'd be happier in his true habitat."
Homer Simpson said "The doll's trying to kill me and the toaster's been laughing at me!"
C. Montgomery Burns answered "And what's our time so far?"
"Woo hoo!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Dude sure got his comeuppance." Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "Aw, let him have this one, Lis. After all, it's Ralph."
"Oh, for Pete's sake, Bart! Use the plunger!", Marge Simpson said.
"Blackening our hair was a great idea, Dad. I look just like a Powerpuff Girl.", Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said "I see he touched you, too."
"Milhouse!", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "You weren't complaining when I got you this close to Chachi."
Homer Simpson: "You just lost yourself a customer."
Marge Simpson responded "But you seemed so happy in the ocean. All that playful leaping."
"On what channel?", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "Hmm?"
Homer Simpson said "Lenny..."
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, so now we're judging each other based on things we've done. Real fair. Class act."
"And they just cash their checks and get away with it every time! It's the perfect crime -- as long as you don't mind betraying the trust of vulnerable young minds." Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "What are you gonna change your name to when you grow up?"
Homer Simpson answered: "And we can't watch Fox 'cause they own those chemical weapons plants in Syria."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Hip hip..."
"Maggie, I'm sorry you miss your pacifier. But when a mother makes a decision, she has to stick by it." Marge Simpson answered.
"Okay, okay, uh... prepare to be kissed... here we go... giving in to my natural urges... okay, a few jumping jacks just to warm up..." Moe Szyslak said.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Dressing in uniforms is a good thing -- if everyone looks the same, it levels the playing field."
Homer Simpson said: "I practically insist. Shall we say, 5 o'clock? The snacking hour?"
"You know... there's a karaoke night at school tomorrow. Some of the little kids are bringing their parents. Do you wanna go?", Bart Simpson said.
"All gone. But in their place we have five hundred channels of television. All awesome. Sit down and I'll show you." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Let's see... football... Football: homo-eroticism in... oddball Canadian rules... Phyllis George and..."
"And here comes Santa's Little Helper!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Yes'm. Dad, I know you're discouraged, but please don't deny the world your fat can." Bart Simpson said.
"Gotta-go-thank-you-for-supporting-the-Museum-of-Hollywood-Jerks." Homer Simpson replied.
"Please Dad.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Don't worry. Whatever happens, we'll pay the bills somehow.", Marge Simpson said.
"We did." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Pipe down, boy. I'm sneaking you back into Springfield."
Ned Flanders replied: "Um... the battery seems to be dead. I'll get some help by hidin' in that bush."
"What a dump. Why would Princess Grace live in a place like this?", Homer Simpson answered.
"That's a great idea! I'll make up some news!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Only here and in Mississippi." Seymour Skinner said.
"Hello, my husband will be right with you. We're just taking this old Christmas tree to the dump." Marge Simpson replied.
"Well, it's hard for me to judge since I've never bowled in my life.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "I don't know if I'll ever come back here. Goodnight."
Marge Simpson replied "Homer, you're not not talking to me. And secondly, I heard what you said."
Bart Simpson responded: "Right on."
"I get the idea.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "Well, they're both lovely."
"You'll always have a special place in his heart!" Homer Simpson said.
"Now I know you kids are scared by what happened, but it's bedtime. Just go into your dark rooms and shut your eyes.", Homer Simpson answered.
"That's a typo." Homer Simpson answered.
"Homer, you know I had a gambling problem." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "I've been on that one. The taffy shop."
"Oh. Thanks.", Homer Simpson replied.
"...And I had the greatest time. Mr. Burns' house has everything - a hedge maze, a moat, bleached hardwood floors, and a bottomless pit." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Oh Lisa, that's a load of rich, creamery butter."
Marge Simpson responded "She's not here!?"
Bart Simpson answered "Look at it."
Homer Simpson replied: "I discovered a meal between breakfast and brunch."
"But from now on, you better save your lovin' for the couch cushions!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Dad, get up." Homer Simpson responded.
"No, I do!", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "I order you to get back together... or I'll suck your blood. Blah, blah!"
"Hey, there's a turkey behind the bed." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh. Well, how long are we going to have to be doing this?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Bart, go easy on me. I'm your Dad."
Homer Simpson responded "No, go ahead."
Bart Simpson said "And the next marksman is... William Tell, Jr.!"
Marge Simpson replied "Homie... we actually have the cabin all to ourselves."
"Will you teach me how to do that?" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Greystash! Greystash!"
"I'm right behind you, honey! We have stairs?!", Homer Simpson responded.
"What does that mean?!" Bart Simpson responded.
"Uh, what region is America?", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Boy, what's this world coming to?"
Bart Simpson said "LITTLE BREEZE SEEMS TO WHISPER LOUISE / BIRDS IN THE TREES SEEM TO LOUISE / La la la la / La la la la Ooo la la... How much longer, sir?"
Marge Simpson responded "I'm getting worried about Lisa. She's been gone for hours."
Bart Simpson responded "...lives a poor immigrant whose home was cruelly taken away."
"Wha?" Moe Szyslak said.
Seymour Skinner answered: "Ralph, are you almost finished?"
"Well, if that's the way you feel... I'll throw it back." Homer Simpson answered.
"Going where?", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Marge, doesn't Lisa have a human face?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Prove it. What happens to Homer Simpson in the future?"
Marge Simpson said "Hmmm, all the groceries seem to have been balled up in anger."
"It's all my fault. I called him a dumb dog." Bart Simpson responded.
"Hello? Mother?... I'll be right there. Now she wants to get out of the tub." Seymour Skinner answered.
Homer Simpson: "It's found footage!"
Marge Simpson said "How cute. He tried to stay up but he just couldn't make it."
Homer Simpson said: "Where are your clothes for the gentleman who's big and fat?"
"This is even better than our screensaver. And I love our screensaver. Nicely done, Lisa." Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "I'm afraid he has to spend another year searching for his brain."
"I am so sorry about what happened. But at least you saw what it was like to be married to me for a little while." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "Mom, you're hurting me."
"We may have to live on this food for a long time, so no more till tomorrow." Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "The Capital City Goofball?"
"Why indeed..." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson replied "That's weird. He started off as an egg."
Moe Szyslak: "Aw, them stinkin' liars."
"--son!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Get out! What's the catch?", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "A beautiful human being."
"But I can't afford this..." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Now who's the greatest writer of all time?"
Homer Simpson answered: "So what do I do again?"
"Why would they come to our concert just to boo us?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Boy, they're really going at it. Do you think they're gonna get divorced?", Bart Simpson said.
"I would if it wasn't for the kids.", Homer Simpson said.
"This is gonna to be great." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Lousy speed bumps."
Marge Simpson responded: "Why?"
"Well... do you ever take an interest in anything he does?" Marge Simpson answered.
"Cool!", Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "This could be our new living room painting!"
Homer Simpson responded "Surely, Lisa. You see how it works, Bart? A cupcake here, a good grade there."
Moe Szyslak: "Thanks. Thank you so much, Ken and Glen!"
"And I don't know who's more handsome: the bull taunter or the bull stabber." Marge Simpson said.
"Bart, isn't that awfully similar to the cootie patch you did last year?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Obviously, I don't. Now if you'll get out of my way..."
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Young man, you have the noble bearing of the barbarian leader Vercingetorix"
Moe Szyslak: "I don't know. I just go around sayin' that, in the hope it'll be applicable. I'll be on my way now."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Don't tell me what to do, Sonny. I've been gambling since I was eight. And I've been hockin' jewelry since I was twelve. Now give me some chips!"
"Hey, this park is great! How come we never take Santa's Little Helper here?" Lisa Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders answered: "Well, that's super-duper, Lisa! In fact, we already have four girls on the team."
"Oooh! Oooooh! Oooooooh!" Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Mom, do you want to know the fifteen reasons I like horses better than cars? One: a horse never--"
Homer Simpson answered: "Earring!"
"All right. Hand 'em over.", Moe Szyslak said.
"Homer! Why are you seven hours late?", Marge Simpson responded.
"Well, Homer." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Close your eyes Marge, I've got a surprise for you."
"Bart!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Homer, Mr. Burns can't see you winking." Marge Simpson said.
"Looks like we're back to traveling on tramp steamers and produce trucks.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders: "Oh, no! This isn't a devine miracle. Everyone's just gettin' goofy from the gas."
Homer Simpson said "Whoa! Flanders, this chick does not get our thing!"
Homer Simpson said "...and Larry and I have so much in common, Marge, way more than you and me. If I could be stranded on an island with anyone, it would definitely be Larry!"
"Really? That made sense? Then I'm definitely doing it.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Oh, am I?"
"Get him, boys!!" Bart Simpson answered.
"I'm gonna kill you!", Ned Flanders replied.
Homer Simpson said "Do not touch Willie. Good advice."
"Let's go.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Yeah, come on boy, this better be worth my ten bucks.", Homer Simpson answered.
"And let me tell you, a towel rack will not support your weight.", Homer Simpson answered.
"They didn't hear us in the sewing room." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "How droll."
"Uh, we're getting a lot of sparks over here, dad." Lisa Simpson said.
"Uh-oh." Bart Simpson responded.
"You got your wish, boy. I'm proud of ya. I'm sorry I took all the credit." Homer Simpson answered.
"Of all the sites on all the web, I had to click onto his.", Homer Simpson said.
"Oh. Okay, well thank you.", Marge Simpson said.
"I love you guys." Bart Simpson responded.
"Whew! I was afraid it was my transmission." Homer Simpson responded.
"Don't worry, son. I have an idea." Homer Simpson answered.
"Stupid prison guard job thinks its so big. Everyone gets a prison job but me. All my best friends are guards. They think they're so cruel and corrupt, but they're not.", Homer Simpson replied.
"So be like me, and use your minds: paint a painting, sing a song, and dance a dance!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Lurleen, they loved you." Homer Simpson responded.
"Dad, it's just a dumb mud puddle.", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "Fat Tony, how can you do this?"
Marge Simpson responded "Maple syrup, mixed with baby spit-up and shoe scuff! This is going to take my whole arsenal at once!"
Homer Simpson responded "Mmmm... forbidden donut."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Mom, I think something's wrong with me. I can't do anything right lately."
Homer Simpson said "No way! I'm saving for a speedboat!"
Bart Simpson: "Can't we just send out a picture of the pets dressed like reindeer?"
"Are you nuts? I'll probably never say this to you again, but you can do better." Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Mom, can we go into this bookstore? Please, please, please, please, please, please, please?"
"Listen, uh, Gil... I sort of thought... ya know, you'd be on your way by now." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Oh, no. Marge, sitting next to the boss -- the best night of the year, and it's ruined! Of all the lousy, rotten... this stinks..."
"Ow-ow, stupid-trash, rotten-stinky, hate-world, revenge-soon, take out on everyone... Garbage water! Oh-ho-ho!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Well, Homer, looks like we're boat buddies, huh? Want me to Zinc your sniffer?", Ned Flanders replied.
Seymour Skinner answered "Lisa, I know I can trust you to inventory this Glee Club peanut brittle."
"Well, people also love a quitter... Sarah Palin... The Beatles...", Bart Simpson responded.
"Anybody can try! I want you to win!" Homer Simpson replied.
"I'll show you a big dumb balding ape!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Hi, Mr. Burns. Do you want your coffee now?"
Homer Simpson said: "Lisa, this is from your Mom."
"What's that stone around your neck?", Lisa Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "What's the matter? Think I'm not hip? I don't have enough vo-dee-oh-doh?"
Marge Simpson replied "Just take me home."
"Let's see what you've got... Peanut butter and jelly sandwich, trail mix -- starring peanuts, Good grief! More peanuts!" Marge Simpson said.
"Take me, a barren old thistle, and spare this sweet young flower!", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Absolutely not! When it comes to running a nuclear power plant, this man's a god.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Bart Simpson said "Excuse me, my good man, I have five hundred dollars to blow. What have you got?"
Marge Simpson: "Okay, Daddy-o."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Whether she's competing in equestrian events at the 1976 Olympics or spending her summers at Holyrood Palace, Princess Anne is truly a world leader."
Homer Simpson replied "Lord, please use your space-age, clog-busting powers on this stubborn drain. Then take some time off for yourself. Fly to France. Have a nice dinner."
"What does it look like? I'll get our letter so wet, the ink will run and no one will be able to read it.", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Shout!"
"You said it's your lunch. Eat it.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Wait a minute. What is it my Dad always said to me?"
"Wanna rehearse, Dad?", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Wayne?"
"Eh, maybe I'll vote democrat. The great thing is when they get in they act like Republicans." Homer Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak answered: "Wait, wait, wait, Homer's tryin' to make a guess..."
Marge Simpson answered "Oh, you must be Michael's dad!"
Bart Simpson replied "Hey, boys will be boys."
"Yeah!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Really? The whole beach?"
"I'm a magazine rack." Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "What the? What are you doing inside?"
Homer Simpson responded "My spine."
Homer Simpson replied "Don't tell me what to do."
Homer Simpson replied "Wait a minute..."
"But how will I increase my vitality?" Bart Simpson replied.
"Well let's get Lovejoy back. Do you know where he is?", Bart Simpson replied.
"Okay. But I-I'd feel better about it if you got rid of the gun.", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "Stay cool, Marge. Stay cool..."
Homer Simpson said "Marge, if you want me to do something, just tell me. Don't hide behind a magazine."
Homer Simpson replied "I hope you washed your hands first."
"Ya bunch of ungrateful ingrates! Ya--", Moe Szyslak replied.
Bart Simpson responded "Ma, could you get me some milk?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Forget it. I'll be at the top by noon. Over and out."
Bart Simpson answered "It's on the back of our vests."
Homer Simpson: "Do I have to pay if I hit my hand with the hammer?"
"Take it off!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "No."
Homer Simpson replied "UNNGHH!!"
"Damn, no spots." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Affectionate little Albanian, isn't he?"
"Me? I'm not the one who puts butter in your coffee." Marge Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak: "An action movie where I play the Pope who kills the President?"
Homer Simpson answered "Chanterelle --"
Marge Simpson answered "Lisa... would you like some shrimp?"
"Up bup bup bup bup! What have we learned about not blindly supporting our husband?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Bolivian Tree Lizard?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner answered: "Well, did you read my script?"
"Dad, it's great that you volunteered to drive -- but how did you get out of work?", Lisa Simpson responded.
"There is just no pleasing a girl like that. All that unnecessary behaving... I'm all tensed through the chestal area. I need relief.", Bart Simpson said.
"We are not paying this bill.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Twenty big ones on Denver."
"With an emerald that big I could buy anything -- a jalopy! An icebox! A steamer trunk full of fedoras! But how do I get my hands on it?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Crap -- py -- stuff."
"Hm. Is it drinking and driving if you're flying a blimp? Maybe I can find the answer by texting." Homer Simpson responded.
"I'm home everybody.", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Thanks, Nelson."
Bart Simpson answered "I've gotta do something about him."
Moe Szyslak: "Ah, you must be here for the uh, Duff trivia challenge."
Homer Simpson responded "...keg-pools!"
Seymour Skinner said "There's your queen bee! Explain yourself, Simpson."
"See?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Not again! First you took away my Philly Fudge Steak, and then my Bacon Balls, then my Whatcha-ma-chicken. You monster!", Homer Simpson said.
"Good. We can use that." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "One of us! Gooble goo!"
"Get out!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson: "...punk!"
Marge Simpson: "Kids, you'd better take your last look at Uncle Artie."
"Dr. Joyce Brothers may be well known, but her psychological credentials are highly suspect." Homer Simpson said.
"Are you snoring while you're awake?" Marge Simpson answered.
"What are you doing here? I told you I'm not your monkey anymore.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "I'm upside down so much!"
Bart Simpson: "Well, I'm flunkin' math, and the other day I was a little attracted to Milhouse."
Homer Simpson replied "Oh yeah, that's right. It's already happening, people. Hoard your toilet paper! Shoot the mailman! Shoot the mailman!"
"I think it's romantic. You can pretend you're newlyweds starting a life together.", Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "Well, he's tough on nerds, but easy on the eyes."
"Nah. They mess up my hair." Homer Simpson replied.
"I love that dog." Homer Simpson replied.
"Stupid lumber...", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Nope. Now, how's that drink? Can I Temple up that Shirley?"
"That's it. They have awoken a sleeping giant.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "We don't want a raccoon."
Bart Simpson responded: "Dad!"
"Dad, make him stop!" Lisa Simpson said.
"Help! What do I do?!" Ned Flanders said.
Marge Simpson answered: "You're a good father."
Homer Simpson said "Yeah, you'd treat her right."
Marge Simpson: "That's odd. Lisa just threw her saxophone out the window."
Bart Simpson responded "Help us!"
"Well, that hurt like Hell.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "I can't believe it."
"Mr. Burns, is there anything at all I can do for you?", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "Actually, I don't know if I've ever heard Bart play one of your albums--"
Homer Simpson said: "Are we in India yet?"
"How did she know I was there?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said "What the hell are you talking about?!"
"That's ridiculous. You do nothing but play God! And I think your octoparrot would agree." Homer Simpson replied.
"I was in the library at the time, but Janey told me that Principal Skinner and Bart's teacher, Mrs.... What's her name?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Oh, Moe. Are we doing this again?", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "Gentlemen, the nerd you knew is dead. Beat me and you will be beating one of your own."
Bart Simpson replied: "Never fear, the sphere is here!"
"Ooo, a b-mail!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Thank you, thank you everyone. And now, presenting the ninth wonder of the world, the eighth being Gomer Pyle's heavenly singing voice... I give you! -- the Loch Ness Monster!", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"I can see I'm not needed here.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "We've got to get to the hospital, Homer!"
"I understand, honey. I used to believe in things when I was a kid." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "You're already in a home."
Bart Simpson responded: "Eh, pretty good. A little preachy."
Seymour Skinner said "Just say whatever's in your heart."
Homer Simpson said "No, Bart. No!"
Marge Simpson replied: "I told you to watch out."
"Little help..." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "We what?"
"Awww.", Marge Simpson said.
"It's a pony." Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Dad?..."
Homer Simpson responded: "Remember, honey, we're disobeying an unjust law here. We're patriots. Like... all those people in jail."
"Cool! Are they robots?" Bart Simpson said.
"Lisa, honey, if it'll make you feel better I'll destroy something Bart loves.", Homer Simpson said.
"Ewww." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "It must have been Moe!"
"You win, Lisa." Ned Flanders said.
Homer Simpson answered "The math checks out!"
"No. No, no. When I took your father's name, I took everything that came with it, including D.N.A.", Marge Simpson answered.
"I'm just mad all the time." Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "Well, it shouldn't be too hard to beat the old photo."
"That coyote said my soul mate would understand me, but Marge doesn't understand me at all. Maybe we're not kindred spirits. We don't have anything in common..." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "See you next fall!"
Bart Simpson replied: "You'd think a house full of crazy people would be fun. It's actually really depressing."
"Marge?", Homer Simpson replied.
"OhmyGod! OhmyGod! OhmyGod! OhmyGod! I danced with a Gay! Marge, Lisa, promise me you won't tell anyone. Promise me!", Homer Simpson replied.
"I'm all naked and wet!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "I love you, son."
"Well this morning isn't a barrel of laughs." Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "We have a family."
"Oh, a spoonful of slurry will cure what ails ya!" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"But I've caused so much trouble already, General Washington. I can't go on.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Oh boy."
"Well, me saying I'm sorry won't bring him back.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "No. What are the odds of getting sick on a Saturday? A thousand to one."
Bart Simpson: "Me three. What are we talking about?"
"...as I was shoving it into the mailbox." Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied "You're the head vampire?"
Bart Simpson answered: "Mrs. Glick?"
Homer Simpson said: "Honey, I brought you more sticks."
"Yes they do." Bart Simpson replied.
"Excuse me, Reverend? It's, ah, hard to hear you with those fans goin'.", Ned Flanders replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "A state of bliss attained through the extinction of the self."
Homer Simpson answered "So this driving on the left makes you feel more at home, huh Hugh?"
"Everything in our lives is finally perfectly balanced. I hope things stay exactly like this forever." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "Baby."
"We've got to get closer!" Bart Simpson replied.
"Their periodic table has two hundred and fifty elements!" Lisa Simpson said.
"... lay down...", Bart Simpson said.
"No, no. We're not converting, we just want to find a Rabbi Krustofsky." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Hmm, not a cloud in the sky -- a perfect day to unveil Operation SLAAAM: So Long Athletics Art And Music. Care for a T-shirt?", Seymour Skinner answered.
"You remembered my name!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "I can't believe I ate the whole thing."
Homer Simpson said "Hey, what are you doing?! No! Drop that drumstick! Bad dog! Bad Santa's Little Helper. Come on... gimme that. Gimme that."
Bart Simpson: "Lady, I gotta tell ya -- I have been grossly misinformed about witches."
"I'm sorry I had to arrest you, Homer. But what I did was right. Someday, when you really need it, you'll be happy there are dedicated cops like me out there.", Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Please?"
"Apu is having an affair?!" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Woo hoo! I'm ten pins away from perfection."
"What is this place?" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Hair, no hair, I don't really think about it."
Marge Simpson replied "No he doesn't!"
Bart Simpson said: "Good idea. You can speak nerd to them."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Why are you hung over? I didn't see you drink last night."
"Ohh, boy. Well, I'll just have to go to my back up plan... Nelson, how's your arm feelin'?", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Why did you do that?"
"We got a runner. Snipers, take your shot.", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "And why are we wearing our good clothes?"
Moe Szyslak answered "You heard 'im, fleabag. Get outta my bar, you're unsanitary."
Ned Flanders answered: "Well, ooh, there... there... and uh there's a big patch over there."
"This way!" Seymour Skinner answered.
"Hm, tough crowd. Uh, would everyone just rise for our National Anthem?", Seymour Skinner replied.
Lisa Simpson: "This store makes me feel even worse about myself."
Homer Simpson answered: "Sometimes I think this fifty square foot apartment isn't big enough for the both of us!"
Marge Simpson said "Are you interested in that motorized tie rack, Principal Skinner?"
"Ohhh, Homer." Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "I've gotta keep these warm."
Homer Simpson responded "Oh yeah. So long, Stinktown."
Homer Simpson responded "Later. Later."
Lisa Simpson responded "Then how comes she's not putting on any of your perfume?"
"Uh, I don't think we should be driving here. The mayor's yelling at us." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "It's not that simple. I've got to convince my supervisor to give me a leave of absence."
"Spare me your medical mumbo jumbo.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, great story, Lenny. But here's one that's even more spellbinding. Once upon a time there was a man named Thomas Edison. And he invented the dictating machine and the fluoroscope and the repeating telegraph...", Homer Simpson responded.
"It's the Rapture! Quick, get Bart out of the house before God comes!" Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered "Does this girl like him?"
Bart Simpson responded: "Now he's stupid and whiny."
"The Demolition Derby? That'll scratch my itch.", Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Hey, it was all a coincidence!"
Homer Simpson responded "But Marge, you deserve a vacation. It's a chance for you to clean up after us in a whole other state."
Homer Simpson answered: "Why the hell would he want to do that... blessed sacrament that has made my life so rich? I like your hat, sweetie."
Marge Simpson answered "Dammit!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Are you a good driver?"
Homer Simpson responded "Do I ever!"
"Haven't any of you ever had a dream?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Oh, fiddle-faddle. Everyone knows our mutants have flippers. Oops. I've said too much. Smithers, use the amnesia ray.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"We ate mad-scientist food and broke up a meth lab in the same day!", Bart Simpson said.
"I've gotta get to Dr. Nick's!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh brother. Let's dance." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "How are they his treats if I paid for them?"
Lisa Simpson answered: "Hey, stop that!"
"I can't take another word out of you!", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "Here Santa's Little Helper!"
Moe Szyslak replied: "Wha-- Uh-oh. Here comes the evening rush. Clear out, fellas."
"This is so exciting! I can't wait to see what we find!" Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "Turn right onto First Street, head east. Homer, watch the road! Not this road, the other road!"
"But I saw you praying to Mecca!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "I liked the producing, the executive producing and especially the co-producing. But the supervising producing was the best I've ever seen."
"Yeah, it's like the Allman Brothers!" Homer Simpson said.
"Family Wish Show... Hmmm... That gives me an idea." Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "Actually, I saw them earlier and I was working on it in the hall."
Homer Simpson responded "Oh no you don't!"
"Yes, I'd like to send this letter to the Prussian consulate in Siam by aero-mail. Am I too late for the 4:30 auto-gyro?", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Homer? Homer?" Marge Simpson said.
"Well, Lisa, I finished my resume." Marge Simpson said.
"Okay, we'll go to the Chili Cook-Off. But I want you to promise me you won't have any beer.", Marge Simpson said.
"Scream all you like, no one will hear you!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Yeah, but only to crush my wife and son.", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "Super-liminal?"
"Well, if you see him in heaven, tell him he sucks." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "Isn't this supposed to be my project?"
"Why so glum?", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "Well... Homer got along so well with the other dads, I couldn't break it to him."
Homer Simpson answered: "Hey, hey, you're taking our grease!"
Homer Simpson replied "Well, John Q Driveway has our number. Now we play the waiting game."
Bart Simpson replied "Hey, a box of old videotapes."
Homer Simpson responded "I'll take it!"
Homer Simpson answered "All right, Princess. I'll take you to a place that's fun with a capital F."
"Goodnight, Mom.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"People, these are all good ideas..." Seymour Skinner answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Don't worry. Daddy'll fix it."
"Who wouldn't?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Ow!"
"Yeah!", Lisa Simpson said.
"Well, if you really must know...", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, I hate this. It's making me use my arms." Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner said: "Um... Um.. School dismissed."
"We sure did... soul mate.", Homer Simpson responded.
"No!" Homer Simpson said.
"Race you to the cockpit!", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Please, Bart, I've seen your stupid Shemp."
"Boy, if anyone needs me I'll be taking a popcorn bath. It's a thing I read about in a Men's Health magazine in a dream." Homer Simpson answered.
"Here you go, Maggie.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded: "Sweet dreams."
Homer Simpson answered: "Yes, you have."
Marge Simpson answered "Just one M & M."
Marge Simpson answered "I've never been so proud of them."
Moe Szyslak responded "Homer! He's just ribbing you, Monty."
Homer Simpson responded "Oh, baby."
"Oh." Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded: "It's so passionate. It almost leaps off the wall."
Homer Simpson responded "Well, you woke up the right man in bed."
"Just tell me what you want!" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "It's a glandular problemmmm!"
Lisa Simpson said: "Help! My macaroni Marconi!"
Bart Simpson said: "Who warned you?"
"It is?!!", Bart Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders responded "Well howdilly dodilly-do!"
"Thanks, Frenchy.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, brother.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "I don't want him to see us expressing our love."
Lisa Simpson said "I didn't know Springfield had a Russian district."
Marge Simpson answered "Here he is, Rex Harrison and Paul Anka rolled into one! That tonic really works! You and Grampa should bottle it and go into business together."
Seymour Skinner answered: "Well, mother, aren't you glad you didn't get more intimate with him?"
"Yep. Why would that Twinkie want to go out with a ding dong like me?", Ned Flanders answered.
Lisa Simpson said: "You're going back into the shoe-box. It may not be pretty, but dammit, it's honest."
"Don't worry baby, my mother won't be home for another twenty minutes.", Moe Szyslak responded.
"Oh, Lisa, I know it's frustrating. But we made a commitment and we have to see it through, no matter how unpleasant." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Hmmm."
"Oh yeah, I'm a wreck." Bart Simpson responded.
"Droll." Homer Simpson responded.
"Now, I uh hesitate to bring this up, but a number of cities have rejuvenated their economies with uh, legalized gambling." Seymour Skinner answered.
"Homer! Homer!" Ned Flanders responded.
Moe Szyslak answered "Hey, I was in the neighborhood and uh, thought I'd, y'know, check in on Maggie."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Huzzah!"
"Man, you get a lot of nutcases in here.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "That's funny... I used to be able to go down there."
Homer Simpson replied "Kidding! I'm kidding! We can do that, we have a special friendship."
Marge Simpson answered: "My family loves your microwave lasagnas."
"I see it! I see the monster!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"I could sure use that flying motorcycle now." Bart Simpson answered.
"It's our song." Moe Szyslak responded.
"Water, eh?" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Ah... no."
"No, but if you'll just ring the--", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "Go home to your son, Mrs. Muntz. And try not to have intercourse on the way!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Sir, could you sign my program with a swear word?"
Homer Simpson said: "Nothin' better than a lazy Saturday morning, lying in a warm, moist bed. Because weekends are-- Moist?!"
Lisa Simpson responded "So did mine."
Homer Simpson said "You've managed to survive on a craphole island that looks like the moon and smells like rotten eggs. And to do that, you have to be stubborn."
Marge Simpson replied: "Well, like we say, the right house for the right person!"
Bart Simpson said: "Yeah."
"Look, I'm not drinking out of the carton. Come on, Marge. Please forgive me? I'm sorry. I'm so sorry." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Hey, Ralph's a good kid. And he should be, he's got a great Dad."
Homer Simpson answered: "Whose side are you on?"
Moe Szyslak responded: "People, please, please."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Dad, I keep telling you, that won't work."
Marge Simpson answered "Well I don't like it."
Homer Simpson responded "Ice cream truck!"
Homer Simpson responded "Good afternoon. I'd like to return this merchandise. Wrong size, wrong color, not as pictured, and other reason please explain."
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh boy, this fish is dee-lish!"
Homer Simpson: "Oh God oh God oh God!"
"Thanks, Mom. Now. Let's get out of this gas-filled hallway before we all suffocate.", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "YOU LIKE POTATO..."
Homer Simpson replied "What? Did I miss something?"
Marge Simpson said: "Actually, I think it might really help our economy."
"Say! I've got a neat idea. Why don't you go in and pick up my mother, and we'll all go out to dinner.", Marge Simpson said.
"Look Homer, all of us pull a few boners now and then... go off half-cocked and make asses of ourselves. So, I don't want to be hard on you... but I just wish you wouldn't curse in front of my boys.", Ned Flanders answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Sorry you're such jerks! Ha, ha!"
"I am so sick of hearing about Lisa. Just because she's doing a little better than me..." Bart Simpson replied.
"IT'S A HIGH TO BE LOA-THED! / CHUCKY, STALIN, MEGATRON / ERIC CARTMAN, DONKEY KONG / VADER, NADER, SIMON LEGREE / TERMINATORS ONE, TWO AND THREE / IAGO, JOKER, VOLDEMORT / MCENROE ON CENTER COURT / MR. BURNS AND SKELETOR / KEEP YOUR GOOD GUYS, WHAT A SNORE" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"That Shary Bobbins is a miracle worker. The kids love her, the house is spotless -- and my hair's grown back. It's so full and thick it can support a beach umbrella!", Marge Simpson responded.
"I sure have, pardner.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "Did you see that? They were eating melon for breakfast!"
Seymour Skinner said: "Seriously? Why? With Nelson gone, lunch money's finally making its way to the cafeteria. Nurples are returning to their natural, non-purple hue. Besides, I hear he's doing quite well with his bicycle pimpery."
Homer Simpson answered "My cousin Frank did it."
"Uh, Homer, I snuck you in a beer for old time's sake." Moe Szyslak answered.
Lisa Simpson said "Does Bart have to be there?"
"It's not about spite. It's about petty revenge and getting back at that traitor Moe. Now help me nail up this urinal.", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "Hello. I need Ecosystem of the Marsh, by Thompson."
"That's right! Bart must not be judged by these kids, but by a jury, of kids. Mostly these kids. There's only so many kids.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "How about groin-grabbingly transcendent?"
"A nanny?!", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "I WOULDN'T / I COULDN'T / I HATE THAT STUFF!"
"Yes, yes. If I keep putting work first, I'll lose everyone I care about, just like you did.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "He's at the peak of cuteness."
Marge Simpson answered: "Homie, someone's at the door. They want to talk to you about some sort of car accident."
"What in blazes?" Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "To people?"
"I'd love to, but Maggie's a little shy...", Marge Simpson said.
"We were together for five years! Now who's gonna take care of the triplets?", Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "Dad, you know you won."
Homer Simpson: "My name's Homer Simpson. I'd like to sign up for something."
"Oh, Homie, of course I will.", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "Come on everybody. It makes you feel better."
Homer Simpson replied "I'm Elvis. Elvis Jagger. Elvis Jagger Abdul-Jabbar."
"Ah, now Hamlet, you know the rules. Laertes here gets uh one practice stab.", Moe Szyslak responded.
Ned Flanders: "Oh Lord, please bless our blended family..."
"And guess who's been practicing medicine without a license..." Lisa Simpson responded.
"They need to soak." Bart Simpson replied.
"You have?! That's so nice!" Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "What about, uh, fluorescent lights?"
Homer Simpson said: "We sure did."
"It is to me.", Lisa Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner replied "Wait, wait, wait, wait. Where did you pick up that filth?!"
"No, I'm not. I'm teaching you about rock music.", Homer Simpson said.
"I thought you were just a marketing gimmick." Lisa Simpson responded.
"This press conference is over!", Seymour Skinner said.
Moe Szyslak responded "And score with his wife every night. Hey, how ya doin', kid? Nice to see ya."
"That's a very noble sentiment, Lisa. But for once in your life, can't you just be cool?" Bart Simpson answered.
"Marge, Marge. Look at me! My clothes are just hanging off me!", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered "Homer!"
Bart Simpson replied: "Itchy."
"Hurry up and kill it! I have to be at the opera by seven!" Homer Simpson answered.
"I've learned so much in my three hours here. I don't have to play pranks to feel good. I can just listen to the gentle rhythms of nature." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Faster, Marge! Faster! The snapping turtles are massing!"
"Am I gonna die?", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Maybe he's thinking of a new shape for the football."
Homer Simpson responded: "Woo hoo! Where do I sign?"
"Don't worry about Homer J. I've got a plan. A plan that'll fix you good.", Homer Simpson replied.
"A female that gives birth to alcohol.", Homer Simpson said.
"He'll pay a lot to get this back." Bart Simpson replied.
"Hey, if they got a picture of you, that means they can see you. They're probably watching us right now." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "I'll teach you to mess with my machine!"
"Seven years. A lot of memories. Talking, chatting...", Marge Simpson answered.
"That might be Marge!", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "You already petted him for ten minutes."
Homer Simpson said "Ooh, the Glutimus Maximizer."
"PLUS I GOTTA BE DRESSED AS A CIVIL WAR NURSE / AND THEN WHEN I'M FINISHED, I'LL GO THROUGH YOUR PURSE / BUT YOU COULD DO WORSE...", Moe Szyslak said.
"Uh, he told me he was going to nap most of the week.", Bart Simpson said.
"OK... We're young, rich and full of sugar. What do we do?", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Geez, way to burst my bubble, Marge."
"Wait, that did end in heartbreak. Thanks for opening up old wounds, you ma.", Bart Simpson responded.
"BOMP, BOMP, BOMP, BOMP...", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "I bet the rabbi misses Krusty."
"Oh angel, listen not to this child of Satan." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Springfield Gorge? I thought we settled this daredevil junk."
Homer Simpson answered: "Are we that stupid?"
"Also, the passion play isn't stupid, it's the greatest story ever told!", Marge Simpson responded.
"Ow! Why you little...", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "Excuse me, but you don't sound as tough as you do in the movies."
"DRINKING MAKES ME SLEE-PY" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "The biggest one in town."
"Come on, Lisa!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Cosmic.", Homer Simpson said.
"Well illustrated, Nelson. And now, fasten your funnybones for Groundskeeper -- oh, or should I say Grinskeeper... No, I'm sorry, Groundskeeper was correct -- Willie!", Seymour Skinner said.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Simpson, introduce me to this almond-eyed beauty, and all is forgiven."
Marge Simpson answered: "Of course. Homer!?"
"... pour cocktail onions down your pants.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "...but I am severely tempted to do it over this."
"What if he wants a kiss?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded "Yuh-huh. I'm sure we'll appreciate each other all the more when we meet up at dinner. Are you kids gonna be alright?"
"Oh, where did I lose 'em? I'll never wiggle my bare butt in public again." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Good. I don't want to spend one extra second in this urban death-maze. You wait here at the bus station while I get the car."
"Who said that?", Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "Postage, marked in pesetas? Who are those letters from?"
Lisa Simpson replied "And literature is filled with tales of redemption, from Jean Valjean to the voice of Buzz Lightyear, Tim Allen."
Seymour Skinner responded: "Bart, I'm impressed with what you did in there. You testified for the Quimby boy even though it was putting your own head in a noose. On the other hand, you skipped school."
"Enough! You will comport yourself with the dignity expected of a traveling freak show!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson said "No."
Homer Simpson replied "In my house, we found human bones."
"Oh, Homie, are you okay?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Chocolate, whipped cream... cherries! She got to you! With a piece of black forest cake!" Bart Simpson responded.
"Manly thoughts.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "Maybe it was just the cat."
Lisa Simpson answered: "And I will be your campaign manager!"
Marge Simpson replied "What's with the kimono? Are we having LaChoy?"
"Well punish him!" Marge Simpson replied.
"I hink he nay have spotted us.", Bart Simpson responded.
"My baby turtle crawled into your basement window.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Wait till Flanders gets a load of this."
Bart Simpson replied "So, this is my Krusty doll, Funzo, Linguo, Iraq War Sergeant Activity with insufficient armor, Phonic Frog, cat skull, Jim Halterman bobble-head doll -- he's a local car dealer..."
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Well, Lisa, as my advisor, you're entitled to ten percent."
Bart Simpson replied "Paying money to read books... the hell with this."
"Marge? What are you doing?" Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "Somebody had to tell him, Mom. In the long run, it's much kinder to--"
Homer Simpson said "What plan?"
"Mmm, who is that? Big ugly nose... bald... liver spot... liver spot... Mmmm.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Whoa -- feel the pile on this shag!" Bart Simpson said.
"Bart, run down to the store and get a big bag of ice for your father.", Marge Simpson responded.
"A PLACE THAT'S FILLED WITH SUN AND SAND / A DESERT STEAMPUNK DISNEYLAND / KEEP EXPECTATIONS LOWWW... / SWING LOW SWEET CHARIOT...", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Will you forget the report! He's down at the rescue mission!"
"Wait a minute!" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "This is partly my fault."
Homer Simpson said: "And remember: your most intimate secrets are safe with me. Okay, who else is dead in bed?"
Homer Simpson responded: "No."
"C'mon, Maggie. You can trust me." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "So, uh, how's everybody doing?"
"Man, that smarts!", Moe Szyslak responded.
"I'm so glad I was forced to come." Homer Simpson answered.
"Ten percent Lycra.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "That's it, I'm taking you off."
"Oooo. What a beautiful garden. It's almost like paradise." Marge Simpson answered.
"Oh, Marge. The guys at work are going to have a field day with this.", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "Who knows what horrible things he's doing to those innocent little puppies?"
Homer Simpson: "Yeah, like when I pick my teeth with the mail and stuff..."
"Don't worry, Homer -- I'll return the handbag first thing tomorrow." Marge Simpson answered.
"I... I don't know!" Homer Simpson said.
"What are you, an animal?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Ooh, phew, oh, that's a lot of letters.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "Country music sucks. All it does is take precious air space away from shock DJ's whose cruelty and profanity amuse us all."
"Are you guys fighting over us?" Bart Simpson responded.
"Well, there you go. I hope you all learned a val--" Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "I feel like I'm gonna die, Bart."
"Nah, nah, nah, you got it wrong, Pu. She's blue fifty-six." Moe Szyslak answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "... And I'm really worried, Chief. There's no telling what he might do."
"I get to enjoy this, but I'm not responsible.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Neither do you!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Your beautiful kitchen, Ned. Just as you remember it." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "OH, THERE'S SO MANY MEN AROUND THE WORLD, OF EVERY SHAPE AND SIZE / I WANT TO NIBBLE ON JAMAICAN JERKS AND TERIYAKI THIGHS..."
"Oh, please. Milhouse likes Vaseline on toast.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"So it's Christmas!", Moe Szyslak responded.
Marge Simpson said "With Bart gone, and now you and your father, I'm not going to have anyone to--"
Moe Szyslak answered "Oh, nowheres in particular. I just need some time to think."
"Woo hoo!", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "You want a cookie, Dad?"
Homer Simpson responded "Yeah, but why does the Homer Simpson character have to be so stupid?"
Bart Simpson answered "Man, magic can do anything!"
Bart Simpson said: "One, two, three."
"There's a bee on Maggie!" Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "She's in the can. Go away."
"Homie, I think you did great. And to celebrate, I made omelets from the eggs people threw at our house." Marge Simpson replied.
"Because I... Ow! You--!", Homer Simpson said.
"I said gimme!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Janey, more tea?", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Thank you."
Lisa Simpson: "No, no, that's too much."
Homer Simpson: "They're in my hair! They're in my hair!"
"Can I borrow your pen to sign this deposition?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Hmmm. I bet she'd be a good friend for Marge. She looks defeated too!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Homer, no!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Someone should tell your principal!", Marge Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "This party is over."
"Homer, be careful...", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Finally, I'm no longer a slave to the Gillette Corporation."
"Oh, I'm tired of giving you money. Why can't you be more like Lisa?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Dad!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "I've decided to disintermediate the local authorities, and send it straight to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission."
Bart Simpson replied: "You are so dead."
"Yes, I just thought you might love me enough to let me help you.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Bart, you listen."
"Hello? Anyone home?", Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered "These Super Bowl commercials are weird."
"Lousy Reverend. He's having my sex! While I'm at home with Marge not doing anything sexual or erotic." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Not as low as my low, low prices."
Bart Simpson replied: "Who is he talking to?"
"Well sir, sounds fair. Toodle-oo, everybody. I'll, I'll scream when the comet gets here." Ned Flanders said.
"Who's kicking?" Marge Simpson answered.
"Well... I really think you should watch your temper." Bart Simpson replied.
"Moe, do these guys think you're one of them?", Marge Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner said: "I'll be blunt. Bart's latest escapade goes far beyond the realm of the hijink."
"That's one grade I truly earned." Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "Mom, Dad, do you know there's a boat out there where nothing sucks? It's called Royalty Cruises and Royalty Cruise specialists are standing by now!"
Lisa Simpson said: "Dad, please don't go through with this. All through history, self-anointed seers have predicted the end of the world, and they've always been wrong."
Ned Flanders answered "Hey, Homer, I need to ask ya a favor. My baby sitter canceled and I got tickets to a Christian rock concert."
Homer Simpson answered "That sounds like witch talk to me, Lisa."
Homer Simpson replied "Cool. Should I take off my shoes?"
"Bart, I'm sorry -- I could never build a robot this awesome. I'm a fraud." Homer Simpson said.
"Welcome, fellow Republicans. To start with the old business, Brother Hibbert will read a report on our efforts to rename everything after Ronald Reagan.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"I understand." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Judge-judge-judge--" Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Aww, Bart, I missed your lies... And I was kind of a pill. I guess."
"Bart, he's establishing mood." Lisa Simpson replied.
"What? I'm saving them from the struggle of life." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "The grown-ups in this magazine are pretty cool."
Homer Simpson said "What the?"
Seymour Skinner said: "Am I wearing women's clothes? I didn't notice. When I look in my closet, I don't see male clothes or female clothes. They're all the same."
Seymour Skinner answered: "I don't want to sound ungrateful, but could I eat one of the potatoes?"
"Oh, I see. Then everything is wrapped up in a neat little package. Really, I mean that. Sorry if it sounded sarcastic.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Mr. Sherman, I understand you have two Pulitzer prizes.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Oh baby. Let's give those seagulls something to squawk about."
"Oh, why did women invent sleeping on the couch?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Too exciting."
Marge Simpson replied "What are you hiding there?"
"No! Duff... Gardens... hurrah!", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "Oh, this place smells, and something's dripping on me."
Moe Szyslak: "Eh? Eh?"
"I'm exactly the kind of kid he's pretending to be." Lisa Simpson answered.
"I will hang up when he leaves." Seymour Skinner said.
"Run across!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "Deportation! You mean kick Bart out of the country?"
Homer Simpson answered "The trucks drive themselves?"
Homer Simpson said "Oh my God. I never knew the sacrifices my father made. Move over, Fonzie. I've got a new hero."
Lisa Simpson said: "And yet I'm still not satisfied."
Homer Simpson said: "It's working. She's gone! All right, everyone, magically appear!"
"Oh, kitten whiskers!", Ned Flanders said.
Homer Simpson answered: "We're not the only ones having a good time."
"Done.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Bah! Has science ever kissed a woman, or won the Super Bowl, or put a man on the moon? This is what I think of your precious science."
"I was foolish to think I'd actually changed you. Maybe I was seeing things in you that weren't really there." Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied "No it doesn't! This movie is drivel! She's wooden and unpleasant, and no matter what he does, he's still Ryan O'Neal."
Marge Simpson answered "And I threw out all your old comics!"
"One man. No ducks. Lisa?", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Marge, Lisa, Maggie..."
"Twenty dollars?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Lucky I always keep a Bible close to my heart." Ned Flanders replied.
"What's a castrati?", Bart Simpson said.
"Selling real estate could be just what I'm looking for. I'd really like to give it a try.", Marge Simpson replied.
"I'll do it. I always end up doing it.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Oh, Moe, thank God you're here! We'd like to come in and drink, please!"
Homer Simpson said "Colgate Cavity Patrol?"
"Never forget, Homer, there's no muscle stronger than the human heart." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Sideshow Bob, can we ask you a few--", Bart Simpson said.
"Stick your head out the window, boy. It's the greatest!", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "Puddle!"
"The sheep was no danger at all. I sacrificed my gorgeous body for nothing. This must be what it's like to have a baby.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Just grab something. All these movies are great.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Yeah, thanks for the grub." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "One, two, three... Another chute?!"
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Oh, Tuttle's Sunday trousers! Fear not, I'll get you to a hospital, the only way I know how. Smithers, you infernal ninny! Stick your left hoof on that flange now!"
"Whoa! Those buns are poppin' fresh!", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Tell me the truth! Don't tell her I raised my voice. Don't. Happy family, happy family."
Marge Simpson: "Keep going and I'll scat."
"Our book! The real one!", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "You mean I have to repeat the fourth grade?"
Bart Simpson said "Okay, there's a lot of low cards in that hand. But since we're both free, why don't you and me hit the town?"
Moe Szyslak responded: "For one sweet summer, I was a true gentleman. As a result of which, Krabappel was lettin' me do her."
Seymour Skinner said: "Take it away, Willie."
"I try my best. They ridicule me. They mock everything I cherish." Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Ohhh, well, what won't make him logy?"
"If you're going for a ride I'd like you to take Bart and Lisa.", Marge Simpson replied.
"I said we're free!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Hmm, better keep the egghead. He just might come in handy." C. Montgomery Burns said.
Lisa Simpson said "Oh, how does Bart do this every week?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Attaboy! We just won the World Series! You and me together! Yeah!"
"Observe." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "There you go again. Always taking someone else's side. Flanders... the water department... God..."
"What happened to our town? Everybody wears clothes from the past and uses computers from the future!", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "I've got something you can stuff in that old bag."
"I don't miss meat at all. This Portobello mushroom eats like a steak. A rubbery, fungus-like steak." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Needs flavor."
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Smithers had thwarted my attempt to take candy from a baby, but with him out of the picture, I was free to wallow in my own crapulance."
Homer Simpson said: "Yieg err meth frau-baii-rr-a hoo-g-minn-d."
"Oh my God! This unsourced, undated video has convinced me beyond any doubt!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "But if me and my kids do the same stuff as Terence and his kids, I could be a cool dad."
"Hey, how come you guys got such great parking places?" Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "Crazy house!"
"I wanna live in the sauce!", Homer Simpson responded.
"It's true, it's true. We're so lame.", Homer Simpson answered.
"You keep your hands to yourself, mister.", Marge Simpson responded.
"I'll take that." Seymour Skinner answered.
"Did you really make that envelope? 'Cause it says Hammermill over here." Homer Simpson said.
"Whatever doesn't kill me can only make me stronger." Lisa Simpson said.
"Are you sure you can get him back for us?", Marge Simpson answered.
"I don't know... it's four days old... I just ate...", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "All I want is a battery."
Marge Simpson responded "And I've got a present for you, but you'll have to wait till we're back at the apartment."
"I'm gonna go look at the new babies.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Eh-eh, school night."
"Well... I was thinking we could hire a nanny to help me out.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "O Lord, please guide that diaper into someone's schnozz."
Marge Simpson answered "Your school chums are going to be so jealous of your little outfit."
"Those balloons won't biodegrade for ten thousand years. And if Bart gets a wowwipop, I want a wowwipop.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "That's right, a double-dogleg, hamstring-knotting Hop-Way to Hell. What insane kangaroo dreamed this fevered nightmare? Behold!"
Homer Simpson: "Sorry, Lenny."
Moe Szyslak replied: "Now, guess how much of the twenty million I saw?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Everything is going according to plan. I'll just keep thrashing around like an injured seal."
"Willie, please express yourself through mopping." Seymour Skinner replied.
"Named after its discoverer, Professor Artemis Deadly, who was ironically killed in the shower of 1853." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Ooh, lost a few. Oh, well there's plenty more where that came from. Uh-oh, a zit. No problemo."
Homer Simpson replied "Kids, I'm sure your mother will be back soon."
Seymour Skinner responded: "I thought this was a puff piece! You're wearing a sweater!"
Homer Simpson: "So that's it! You used me to kill a man, and all I get is a handshake and a blanket?"
"Wait! The burger didn't change me! I'm not a muncher!" Bart Simpson responded.
"Love...", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "You exploited people's deepest beliefs just to hawk your cheesy wares?! Well, we are outraged! Aren't we?!"
"Yeah, I guess it is." Bart Simpson said.
"Homer, it's really coming down. Could you check on the boys?", Marge Simpson answered.
"Gimme that knife!", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "No."
"But Mr. Burns, it's not my bear. It's Maggie's." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "I swear, I've never seen that gun before."
Bart Simpson said: "Allow me to demonstrate."
Bart Simpson responded "Well, my Mom says why bother punishing me, I never learn."
"Oh, right -- revenge!!" Homer Simpson said.
"Flowers -- the painted whores of the plant world.", Homer Simpson responded.
"YOU CAN TRACE MY REMORSE TO ITS SUPER-SIZED SOURCE / A HUNGRY, HUNGRY HYPOCRITE NAMED HOMER OF COURSE / MY OLD MAN'S PATHETIC / DAMN IS HIS HEAD THICK / THE GAS FROM HIS ASS IS CARCINOGENIC / EVERY DAY I PRAY HIS DNA AIN'T GENETIC" Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "That was close!"
"Oh, you're on my hair. Oh, that's better." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "Okay, Meathook, I think he learned his lesson."
Homer Simpson responded "My feet hurt."
Lisa Simpson: "You heard sirens, which you thought were the police coming to arrest you. To ditch their stills...the moonshiners pushed them down a hill. The moonshine landed in a river, temporarily blinding anyone or anything that drank it."
"I know, I know." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Who are you?"
Homer Simpson replied "But Santa can't be evil..."
"Well, who was it?", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "Gee, I never noticed that before."
"Eh, you lost me. Well, gotta go -- enjoy the upper-lower middle class!", Bart Simpson replied.
"Please identify this object." Homer Simpson replied.
"Now I'll pull my arms out with my face...", Homer Simpson responded.
"Ma-arge. They can't carry enough candy. They have puny, little muscles, not big, ropey ones like you.", Homer Simpson responded.
"What the?! Wet again?! I did the right thing for nothing! There's only one solution left." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "No backtalk! In the cage! Now!"
"That's not applesauce...", Marge Simpson responded.
"So, even if a man takes bread to feed his starving family, that would be stealing?" Lisa Simpson replied.
"No trap can hold Homer Simpson! But I'm not Homer Simpson. I'm the Pie Man. Homer Simpson away! I mean, the Pie Man!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Mom, where did you get that?", Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson: "I believe in science and reality, not ghosts and monsters!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "Yay!"
"Even worse was our trip to Sandy Beach." Marge Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders said: "Today, my readin' ribbon's smack dab in the middle of Matthew twenty-three."
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Yes, feel the weightless tickle of justice!"
Marge Simpson responded "What on earth possessed you to get an earring?"
Bart Simpson responded: "I'm goin' for a corn dog. You want one?"
Marge Simpson: "That means you'll have to be neutered."
"Well, this looks like a good place to set up camp.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"No." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "It's because they are kids. And so are we. C'mon, Alex, we've only got nine, maybe ten years tops where we can giggle in church, and chew with our mouths open, and go days without bathing. We'll never have that freedom again."
Ned Flanders responded "So if you're looking for a half bag of charcoal briquettes, or an artificial Christmas tree -- trunk only, c'mon over to the Hibbert table. Pronto."
Bart Simpson replied: "When are Mom and Dad coming back?"
"I can't believe you're eavesdropping on my prayers!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Well, I was wrong. The lizards are a godsend." Seymour Skinner said.
"Thank you magical creatures of the mall." Homer Simpson replied.
"Seymour, I'll bet you a steak dinner those books are still here. All we have to do is search every locker.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Que pasa, ladies?", Bart Simpson answered.
"Yeah, that's right, the friendship between the Simpsons and the whatever-your-last-name-is-es-es is over!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Marge, it's not your fault that you can't win against a superior being like Albert."
"Nothing." Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "Because this lab is cruelly testing consumer products on animals. Take a look for yourself."
Moe Szyslak said "I'm covered in the dust of the Leader! He favors me!"
"It's a symbol of what we can all do if we put our minds to it." Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "Well, there's Ned out on his power walk. Maybe you should talk to him."
Homer Simpson said: "Of course I can make a credenza, whatever that is. Just give all the details to my secretary Shirley."
"Ta-da!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "So if we go there with a camera to film Lassen humiliating himself, I'll get revenge for him making me into this!"
Moe Szyslak answered "Look, I've turned this bar into every other kind of bar and it never worked."
"LET'S HURL A BRICKY-MART!", Bart Simpson said.
"I'll call." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Authentic Italian food."
Marge Simpson said: "Hey, hot stuff. I've got a competition tomorrow. I could use a good-luck snuggle."
Homer Simpson said: "Marge, name one successful person who ever lived without air conditioning."
Marge Simpson answered "No, Homie. You see. You see, this is the stuff I've been telling you about that you never see."
"Why is it Ned Flanders?" Marge Simpson replied.
"All right, that's it. Get 'em outta here. This ain't no crow bar.", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Woo hoo!" Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Oh I've seen it, especially when I do this."
Lisa Simpson said "Hm... maybe the best way to begin your education is to get you some exposure to the wider world. So I'm gonna take you to downtown Springfield!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Pig in a blanket!"
"My kids wear these hearts to remind them they are always loved." Homer Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders answered "Really, really, really?"
"Meh." Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson responded "AND YOU LIKE POTATO..."
Marge Simpson replied "And I hope Bart passes his test and saves the school."
"And don't you come back without it! You hear me?! Hurry up!" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "No, I don't want to."
"Oh, thank God! Just a dream!" Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "Let's do it!"
Bart Simpson answered "Something drove them apart once before..."
"The big screen TV?" Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Never!"
Seymour Skinner responded: "No, no, no, no. We're not building anything."
C. Montgomery Burns responded "What the?! Why is everyone so insolent today?"
"How did you find this place?", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Oh... Okay, maybe he's not so bad.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Why you little... How can you look me in the eye and lie like that?!"
Homer Simpson said "Eat my dust!"
Lisa Simpson said: "Aw, that's sweet."
"Eh, stumbled home at dawn, same diff. Now don't worry: I packed everyone's lunches and sent them off into the world." Homer Simpson replied.
"Let me check my reason list.", Homer Simpson answered.
"I don't remember anybody telling me I was gonna be on TV.", Homer Simpson answered.
"I'm going to write a figure on this piece of paper. It's not quite as large as the last one, but I think you'll find it fair." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Marge Simpson responded "I know, I just wan--"
Homer Simpson: "Impossibly high. Now, let's get started on the greatest daddy-daughter day ever!"
"That John is the greatest guy in the world. We've gotta have him and his wife over for drinks sometime.", Homer Simpson responded.
"A Cosmopolitan is made with cranberry juice.", Moe Szyslak responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "No. You owe me nine hundred dollars."
Homer Simpson replied: "Stupid script! Nearly wrecked Jim Carrey's career! You-- I'm gonna... What?"
Lisa Simpson replied "Lisa Simpson, master of the double life."
"How did you find out?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Once more, with feeling!", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Oh, come here!", Marge Simpson responded.
"I WISH YOU BETTER THAN YOUR HEART'S DESIRE /" Bart Simpson said.
"Marge... a word, please.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Marge Simpson responded "I don't care how successful Gil is, he's still a mooch, and I need to tell him off!"
Homer Simpson answered "Fit Tony took his cousin's place running the Springfield mob."
C. Montgomery Burns: "Hello, Simpson. My lawyers and I were in the neighborhood and thought we'd stop by."
Homer Simpson said "Marge, you're taking this pretty well."
Ned Flanders replied "You must have something you want to wish for, Homer."
"Oooo! That was a big mama. Heh, heh, heh.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Yeah, you owe me that much."
"People will do anything a sign tells them.", Homer Simpson said.
"I'm comfortable with who I am.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Now, go get 'em."
Lisa Simpson replied: "It worked -- I got my sky back! Dad, look!"
"I wouldn't blow my nose into this.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "C'mon, shoot me a new one!"
"I know this looks bad, but if you reverse it, Daddy's a hero!" Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "That's just his shopping list."
Homer Simpson: "Here we are kids -- the zoo."
"We're putting a stop to this right now!", Marge Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Well, I demand a second opinion."
"I think I'll bottle-feed that one." Marge Simpson responded.
"Homer, we can't sue the church. They'll poke fun at us in the church bulletin." Marge Simpson replied.
"How many truffles did you get?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Actually... she sort of does." Ned Flanders said.
"Where is it?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Uh, may I take your coat, Aunt Selma?", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Onnneee."
"Poor Bart..." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Dream on, Drunky!"
Marge Simpson: "this down here in the first place!"
"Oh boy!" Lisa Simpson said.
"Oh look. You haven't touched your salt lick. Num num, good salt lick." Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Well, Mr. Burns, I hope you've realized the folly of killing innocent animals for fashion."
Homer Simpson responded "Bloated corpse under the water. I'd say he's been there a few months at least. Interesting the way his lips move just like mine. Why do you ask?"
Marge Simpson responded: "I am not cleaning that... Ah, who am I kidding?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Okay, three bucks."
Bart Simpson: "Don't do it, lady. That stuff's worth thousands."
"Um... a lot of that stuff must've got lost in the move.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Why didn't I cancel sign-making and creative chanting?", Seymour Skinner answered.
Marge Simpson said "Tell her she's wrong!"
"No! I want to hear what happened at the store!", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Well, bye."
"Oh boy, am I beat! If you wanna return a melon to the grocery store, clear your day!", Marge Simpson said.
"We appreciate your coming to comfort us, but we're not Catholic.", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Deal!"
Homer Simpson said "Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha, how we'll laugh!"
"Pretty sweet, eh boy?", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Really? I thought it was Lisa with a beard of bees. Well whatever, brace yourself."
"Go ahead. Take 'em all.", Bart Simpson responded.
"I'm not made of money! We'll swim to Oakland." Homer Simpson answered.
"Nuh-uh. It isn't filled until it's spilled." Homer Simpson said.
"And it's something to be feared -- right, Doctor?" Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "How's this?"
"Man, you're good with the tools when you want to be." Homer Simpson replied.
"Must you embarrass me?", Bart Simpson replied.
"I'm sorry, Homie. A diaper just isn't sexy." Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Dad, don't pat it!"
Homer Simpson answered "Thanks."
Bart Simpson said "Look, man. I have to keep my dark past hidden. There's someone new in my life now."
"Fine, I'll log onto Wahoo or Yippy or A-O-K, or Pooka-dooka, or whatever it's called." Marge Simpson responded.
"Okay. Okay. Think, Homer...", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "The sun never sets on the Bartish Empire."
Marge Simpson responded: "Why would you think I'd like this?"
"Bart, I'm glad you had fun, but I wouldn't get too into that Catholic church. With all the sitting and standing and kneeling, it's like Simon Says without a winner!" Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Ooh, oatmeal. What a delightful treat. Ugh, there's a bug in it."
Homer Simpson replied: "You're my last-last chance, bottom of the barrel, Hail Mary, long shot, wish you would do it but probably won't, final resort, to lend me money."
"Wait, I changed my mind." Homer Simpson answered.
"Well, what interest does she have that I could make common?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "There! Better than new! Now to take her for a test toast."
"More champagne?" Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered "Uh, I think we'll go to bed now."
Homer Simpson replied "I won't say, but his initials are S.F."
Homer Simpson responded: "So that means I don't have to pay the fare."
Homer Simpson answered: "Can I ask you something? What is it that keeps you with me?"
Ned Flanders said "What the? I've been using that around the boys!"
Marge Simpson said "Homer, why aren't you at work?"
Lisa Simpson responded "This is gonna be the best birthday breakfast Mom ever had."
"You crumb-bum. You looked me right in the eye and lied to me.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Are you guys still mad at me?" Lisa Simpson said.
"Want a chocolate?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Oh, eh, I'll give it a chance."
Lisa Simpson answered "Oats are what a champion thoroughbred eats before he or she wins the Kentucky Derby."
"Pfft! Knew it." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "Nope."
"As head of the Student Activities Committee, I have an idea.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Woo hoo! That's been my dream ever since I heard it existed right now. What do I get?"
Marge Simpson said "But there's only been one pitch!"
Marge Simpson: "How?"
Marge Simpson responded: "Yikes!"
Homer Simpson answered "My demons and I are closer than ever. Next year we're gonna visit every major league baseball park. I'm just goin' in to bust Marge out."
"Safe!", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "She's coming home for Christmas! And Bart's bringing the boys! And Lisa's coming with Zia! For once, the whole family's going to be here for the holidays!"
"Bart! Turn down that original cast recording and go to sleep!", Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Oh, it's you. What are you so happy about?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Idiot?! Why you... little..."
Bart Simpson said "And the best part is I'm bombarding her with her own homework."
Homer Simpson replied "Someday you'll understand that I'm just being a good dad."
Lisa Simpson replied "Probably, but a cruciverbalist is a fan of crossword puzzles -- which I am!"
Bart Simpson answered "Um... I'm gonna go try to sell this."
Moe Szyslak replied: "Okay, gimme that. Gimme it back!"
"Our cell phones!" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Militants, huh? Well, if I were you, I'd kick their asses."
"And if you have enough room, add some exclamation points and a pirate flag." Homer Simpson replied.
"Just write a scroll, asking him to stop." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "All right, everybody stick together. We don't want to get separated..."
Homer Simpson answered "Do you give 'em out for fans? 'Cause I'm a fan."
"Ay carumba! I'm off women forever." Bart Simpson responded.
"Send someone right over! Ooh, here he is." Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak said: "What? Nothing. She was hot. What, you can't take a compliment?"
Moe Szyslak responded "Hey Vikings, it's still pretty damn cold!"
Seymour Skinner replied: "Not into the kindergarten!"
"Um, one box?" Ned Flanders responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Something wrong, Bart?"
"Is it a pool yet?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Hey, it's gotta be good if Satan put his name on it." Bart Simpson replied.
"I think our lunches got mixed up.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "Please, Homie? For me?"
"Hey guys, uh, you'll need this on your trip to Hawa--" Moe Szyslak responded.
"Pfft! Heavyweight championship. There's like three of those. That couch was one of a kind." Homer Simpson replied.
"Yaahhh!" Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "YOU LIGHT UP MY DAYS / AND FILL MY NIGHTS / WITH SONG.... IT CAN'T BE WRONG / WHEN IT FEELS SO GOO/RIGHT / CAUSE YOU -- YOU"
Marge Simpson said "Okay, water monsters. Be friendly. But not too friendly."
"I don't know.", Bart Simpson answered.
"All of a sudden, I was a somebody in a school full of nobodies. I could go anywhere, do anything. For us, to live any other way was nuts." Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "Homer!"
Homer Simpson replied "Thanks. Now if you'll excuse me, I don't really like bourbon or business talk, just good old Simpson family fun."
Marge Simpson: "You can pet the cat."
Homer Simpson answered: "Sure, of course I do, but life goes on, ashes to ashes, turn, turn, turn, long live rock, and so forth."
"How much does it pay?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Her only hope was a plucky young boy and his slow-witted father.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Thanks, but I'm going into bootleg DVDs." Bart Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "FIND THE GOOD IN BEING BAD /"
Bart Simpson responded "Hands off the material!"
Moe Szyslak: "Okay, but the last guy who charged a drink to Burns turned up in a landfill."
"Will you raise them Christian?" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "I'm sorry I woke you up. I'm just so anxious about tomorrow. What if the store fails? What if I fail?"
"I was hanging onto these gift cards as investments... but then half the companies went out of business. Better sort those out.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "The brakes are shot."
"That was gonna be my next guess!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh yeah? Blah blah blah blah, blah blah blah blah blah..." Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Well, let's get out the old stock ticker and have a look..."
"Uh, this isn't working. I've got to try a different approach." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "Is your room clean?"
Lisa Simpson said "You should smell his room."
Marge Simpson: "Oh, how awful."
Bart Simpson replied "Enh."
Lisa Simpson: "Haven't we stood in five different states long enough?"
"There's nothing you can say. After that game, my life is over." Bart Simpson said.
"Well, c'mon! Hurry up!" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Lobo! Lobo! Bring back Sheriff Lobo! Lobo! Lobo!"
Homer Simpson replied "Can I have this one?"
Bart Simpson said: "So why'd you come here? I run a respectable treehouse."
"The stars are falling to the earth!", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "Just call me Barf Simpson."
"Don't eat the miracle!" Ned Flanders answered.
Bart Simpson said: "I gotta find a way to get rid of my art teacher."
"Same one." Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson: "See, Dad. I told you Mom would have problems."
"Just made it!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "That's not gonna do it, Marge. You need something red."
Marge Simpson said: "That's it. We have to get them back to school."
Marge Simpson said: "Fine, he'll be around forever."
"I did it.", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "Instead of a stamp museum we'll be next door to a graveyard?!"
Bart Simpson replied: "Great story. Positively spellbinding. Work, damn you, work!"
"That was your idea.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Quiet, honey. Daddy's asking the man a question."
"Sit on it, Springfield! Yeah!" Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "Really? You think so? I don't know what to say. This is all happening so fast."
"That too.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Come on. There's no need for that baba-ma-bushka." Homer Simpson responded.
"I promised I wouldn't eat? Never! You lie!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Edna.", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "Family head-count!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh... kay. I think I'm gonna be leaving now."
"You're the doctor!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "This is not that! And that smart-alecky attitude is exactly why no one wants you!"
"No!", Bart Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders answered: "You know, I pride myself on being a good host, so I'm obliged to offer you a beer. But I'm so darn mad it's gonna be mostly head."
Homer Simpson answered: "Ohhh my God, I am such a huge, huge fan of yours, Miss Basinger."
"Oh, this is a dilly of a pickle." Ned Flanders answered.
"Goodbye, Dolly." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Ooh! A trillion-dollar bill? 'Atsa spicy meatball!"
"WE'RE GOING TO A REST'RANT GRAND OP'NIIIIIIIING... / BUT DON'T FILL UP ON BREAD!" Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Heard about this thing, boy?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Choke on your lies!"
"Oh, yeah." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Used to?!"
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh, I give up."
"Tell me I'm good." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Here's your future!"
"What's wrong?" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Wonderful, Homie."
Homer Simpson: "Look, you'd better get this all out of your system right now. I don't want you embarrassing me at my boss's picnic."
"I wet the bed! The one embarrassing thing I've never done!" Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "Why don't we ask your dad?"
Marge Simpson said "Oh? I've lived in this town for 37 years."
"It sure has taken a beating over the years. Might be time to get a new one...", Marge Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner responded "Dr. Bart."
Bart Simpson answered: "Lis, Mr. Burns is the sweetest, kindest man I know."
"Now we just sit by the mailbox and watch the money roll in!" Homer Simpson replied.
"But Marge, I was a political prisoner." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "Me too..."
"No.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "Krusty Poses for Trading Card Photo."
Homer Simpson answered "Uh, well okay, what the hey?"
Ned Flanders responded: "Hello, Gas Company? How poisonous is your gas?... Wow. But-- Eh, but I'm talkin', you know, about outdoors with plenty of ventilation that... How could that be worse?... Okay, permanent brain damage, or just temporary?... I see."
"Hiya Bart!!! How's my boy! Heh heh. Heh heh.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "No. Don't you have health insurance at work?"
Lisa Simpson replied "But why, Apu?"
"Lemonade!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "World's Biggest Pizza?!"
"Wow, Mr. Burns, how did you do that?", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "No."
"Don't you have school?" Homer Simpson said.
"First we're visiting Grampa." Marge Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "So... you're a baby huh? How's that working out for you?"
"Oh, I don't hate you for failing. I love you for trying.", Marge Simpson replied.
"You should never tell on a bully, Lisa. Everyone knows that." Seymour Skinner responded.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Yes, but the problem is, if you had it, I wouldn't. You see the difficulty..."
Homer Simpson said: "Huh?"
"Mount Kilimanjaro?" Bart Simpson said.
"Woo hoo! I'll woo her with woo-hoo!" Homer Simpson said.
"No, I mean you're loco in the coco!", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "The police auction..."
"Well, I don't know, Lisa. You're awfully young, and the boys can be a handful. Todd's been pinching everyone lately.", Ned Flanders replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "Thanks, Grampa."
Seymour Skinner answered: "Lisa, I know every moldy inch of this unaccredited school. But I have never seen such a thing as you describe."
C. Montgomery Burns said: "The only hard part is getting up."
"Okay, Bart, now it's really time for you to go to bed!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Because the streets of Capitol City are no place for three unescorted ladies." Marge Simpson said.
"I'm sorry. I'm trying to find my husband and nothing's open." Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "Videos to return, grocery list, flea dip for the cat, Homer's dry-cleaning -- I think that's everything."
Lisa Simpson responded "Thank you. Oh Dad, why did he have to die?"
Bart Simpson replied "Earth base, this is commander Bart McCool. We are under attack by the Zorrinid Brain Changers! Quickly, into the safety dome, Milbot!"
Lisa Simpson: "So, I guess this is it? It you don't mind I'll just run alongside the train as it speeds you from my life?"
"The end." Lisa Simpson responded.
"I wish I was Sipowicz.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Say it in English, doc."
Bart Simpson responded: "I'unno. He was dead when I found him."
Homer Simpson said "I 'unno. Coast Guard?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Never mind the fog! That way. Steer! There isn't much time!"
Bart Simpson: "Yeah, 'cause we're through with vegetables. From now on, I'm only eating food that I know had a soul."
Marge Simpson replied: "It's okay, Bart. Just do a couple vocabulary words, then come have some milk and cookies."
"Okay, Fudd me." Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Thanks."
"Okay, Marge. We can go to the circus. Maybe I can finally find out why a man would think a stool is a proper defense against a lion.", Homer Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner: "One of our brightest and most meddlesome students called this meeting... somehow... to discuss an urgent menu matter. Lisa?"
Homer Simpson responded "Quit gabbin' and start grabbin'. And remember, the best stuff is usually deep in the garbage juice."
Marge Simpson answered: "Sounds like you're really falling for him."
Bart Simpson said "I am so staying up past my bedtime."
"So many previews. So many previews. So many previews.", Homer Simpson responded.
"How ironic. I survived the Titanic by making a raft out of steerage passengers and now this!", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Sweet, trusting Marge. I can't let you down. I'll get some money somehow." Homer Simpson answered.
"You set off the smoke alarm to rush us to a beer festival?" Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "It's the coolest video game ever!"
"Mr. Burns throws peas at Smithers." Bart Simpson responded.
"What have you done to my family?", Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak said: "He's right. He ain't much on speeches."
"Well, it, it, uh... took place in a country we teach about.", Seymour Skinner said.
Lisa Simpson responded "No bees means no honey..."
"Uh-oh, Kwyjibo on the loose!", Bart Simpson replied.
"Tonight's G-rated gem is a silent film from my favorite year -- yester! And while you enjoy this quiet riot, I'll be slipping these religious pamphlets on your windshields.", Ned Flanders answered.
"You're going so far away. I'll miss you.", Marge Simpson responded.
"They're dead?", Bart Simpson responded.
"Kids, sometimes when a daddy learns that a mommy always hated him, he needs some time away to think.", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said: "Oh, they're going to get eaten alive in middle school."
"Oh Barney, that's brilliant! Just for that, you can help yourself to anything from this tree.", Homer Simpson said.
"Yeah, it kind of was. But I won't push it, I promise. See ya!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Mm, I think I'll take... Ooh, that one." C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Having a robot brother troubles me. The ethical implications are really tensing me up." Lisa Simpson answered.
"That's very clever." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "An ancient Indian what...?"
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Release the--"
Ned Flanders answered: "I don't want flowers. I am a flower!"
Lisa Simpson replied "What's that delicious smell?"
"I like school." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Oh, I get it. The government runs out of money, so they pass a bunch of lame-o laws to sock it to the little guy."
"Pirates of the Caribbean!" Bart Simpson said.
"All right, that's it, young man. No Bible stories for you tonight.", Ned Flanders replied.
"Ah, three it is." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "But I ask you to put aside your stubbornness while I tell you about Carl Carlson..."
Homer Simpson replied "Really? You'd kiss an ugly old man like me?"
"Oh, he was just here." Homer Simpson responded.
"Okay, boy, I wrote down exactly what to say. Just read it and you're a shoo-in." Homer Simpson responded.
"There are no more great days, Bart. Just days.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Uh-uh, no way. I don't want to miss a word."
"What are you doing here, freezer stealer?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Gotcha." Bart Simpson said.
"Here you go, Bart. A lumberjack's breakfast for my little golfer.", Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "Hey! Stop! You can take back the bassinet, but the baby is ours!"
"You ratted him out? He's got a kid!" Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "Oh man. I can't believe we have to pick the peaches ourselves. This activity is so lame I'm gonna daydream about school."
Lisa Simpson said "Thank you."
"Bart, don't feed your sister hotels!", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Um... you're in the wrong house, lady."
"Don't want to be seen with you when you're hitting bottom.", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "That's right. The stranger who walks amongst you is me, Bart Simpson!"
Marge Simpson responded "He does not."
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Indeed. That Homer Simpson is the beating baboon heart of this party."
Bart Simpson replied: "Nuh-uh."
Homer Simpson replied: "Ignoramus."
"Aw, please, give me a break. I've been driving all night looking for milk for my kids.", Homer Simpson replied.
"I love these jesters. They're exactly what I need to forget about my first husband." Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "He should have done that with the real Bart when he had the chance."
"What do you think?", Marge Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns said "Disbelieve, as the Strong Man pulls a wagon with his bare tongue!"
"You're right, Milhouse. Fun is fun.", Bart Simpson responded.
"The Dalai Lama!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Classic."
Ned Flanders replied: "Oh, I should say not. I gave up on L.A. when those TV people made that poor nun fly. All those Puerto Ricans lookin' up her dress. That's not right."
"Where'd everybody go?", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Homer, that isn't very nice."
"Oh is that so, young lady? Well, where is this phantom diorama?" Seymour Skinner said.
Lisa Simpson: "Tiny little people!"
"Audio book read by Lenny. I'm not just another loudmouth. I'm a loudmouth who says things you're afraid to say BUT NOT RACIST THINGS!" Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "I've never seen the baby get tired of it before the adult."
"I'd love that. See you tonight!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Speed it up, ugly."
"Let's see what else you've been hiding in there." Homer Simpson replied.
"Guys, I think we might need a new song. FOUR BEST FRIENDS WHO NE-VER QUAR-REL" Homer Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders responded "Hmm."
"All these years I thought murder was a sin. Then, I got new instructions from the good Lord Himself, through my bible: in his favorite language -- English." Ned Flanders responded.
"Oh yeah.", Bart Simpson replied.
"But, Constance, it only happened because..." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "And - then - take - that, and - put - that - in - there - and Ah. Here's your giraffe, little girl."
Marge Simpson said: "Lisa..."
Moe Szyslak: "She's coming to meet me. Here. Tonight."
Homer Simpson replied "... pitchfork, pointed tail... hooves are... cloven! We have logo, people. We have logo!"
Lisa Simpson said "Actually, Frank Lloyd Wright endured a lot of harsh criticism."
"Excellent. He's alive. Smithers, give this man one ibuprofen, uncoated, and send him back to his workstation.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Marge Simpson answered "But I can explain!"
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Pause the inquisition!"
"C'mon, I'll give you a piggy-back ride, oops, I mean a veggie-back ride home." Homer Simpson said.
"I'unno. The boogeyman?", Bart Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Aw, that's cute. I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship."
Homer Simpson responded "Bart's been raptured! And his crap's been craptured!"
"Hey, hey, I would end all life on this planet just to get out of doing fractions." Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "No, the March primary."
Homer Simpson responded: "But Marge, Knightboat. The crime solving boat."
Homer Simpson replied: "No, that's not what I meant. Marge and I always talk things over in bed. Like the other night we were fighting about money."
"My head feels like it was punched by a boxing man.", Marge Simpson responded.
"No, act like a lion!", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "I'm a litigious business man and I need a coffee to go."
"Look, Maggie! They have a story lady!", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Listen carefully and my words will shape images as clear as any TV show. It was a tumultuous time for our nation. The clear beverage craze gave us all a reason to live."
Bart Simpson said "Skinner is a nut! He has a rubber butt!"
"Beat it." Bart Simpson answered.
"Bart, you're cheating!" Lisa Simpson said.
"Fine. You're Mike Singletary. Enjoy your mediocre coaching career.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Yeah, well, it serves you right for eavesdropping.", Bart Simpson responded.
"No, I'm not mad." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "It's your sons, George Bush Jr. and Jeb Bush. Come outside, Dad!"
"It's called Wicca, and it's empowering!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Okay sweetie, which book should I read?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Bart, we made her the same thing!"
"Okay.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "...Then Pete Rose plowed into his friend Ray Fosse..."
Homer Simpson answered "Hilarious joke?"
"Shoo! Shoo!", Marge Simpson said.
"Hey, it worked, didn't it? Okay smart guy, you're going in the bag." Homer Simpson answered.
"Bien.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Sweetie, I can't abandon my route even for one day. If those kids discover the link between eating right and feeling good, I am screwed. But I'll be back in time for your show." Homer Simpson said.
"Huh? Who's there?", Homer Simpson said.
"This is going right to the orphanage.", Ned Flanders replied.
Bart Simpson answered "Okay look, I made a terrible mistake. I wandered into a Junior Camper recruitment center. But what's done is done. I've made my bed and now I've got to weasel out of it."
Marge Simpson: "Kids, could you wait outside for us?"
"I was just puttin' words together.", Homer Simpson replied.
"This is going great." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "Bart, you said you were going to study."
"I'd like a third helping, please.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Ooo, let's see what else they do wrong!" Marge Simpson responded.
"My pleasure." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "I'd sure hate to be him."
"Mmm.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Well Marge, we solved the case of the haunted quarry."
Marge Simpson replied: "This isn't fair! I want romance!"
"Oops." Homer Simpson replied.
"I missed one of Jerry's zingers. Now I'll never catch up.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Hey, we came here to enjoy the movie and we're going to enjoy the movie."
"Wait a second - I've read that you speak excellent English.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"This may take a while, Smithers. Why don't you get drunk and stumble around comically for my amusement?" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"You never know when you might wanna mail something.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Hello! Where's Homer?", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Ow! Quit it!"
Homer Simpson answered: "What about with my ears?"
Bart Simpson answered: "Okay Mom, for you, I'll try."
Seymour Skinner answered "All right, now we can get back on the bus and on..."
"Oh Homie, you're alive!", Marge Simpson answered.
"Hey, Apu's talkin' to a skywriter!", Moe Szyslak responded.
Lisa Simpson: "I'm so proud of what you guys are doing. I even tipped off the local paper."
"Dad, what did you do?", Lisa Simpson said.
"Spare some salt, tubby?", Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "This is my offer. I think you'll find it's most unfair, but those are the breaks."
"I said, I'm lop-shouldered! And I have been since I was hung by my armpits in a North Vietnamese prison!" Seymour Skinner said.
"A politician who would never ignore a fellow environmentalist in need... my hero..." Lisa Simpson said.
"I'm happy for the school. It sounds like this money is gonna provide a lot of new opportunities." Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "Marge Simpson. Congratulations on little King George."
Bart Simpson: "All of 'em?"
"Who cares? Mel Gibson!" Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "No sir."
Marge Simpson answered: "Get it away from the house!"
"I've got the prescription for you, doctor: another hot beef injection." Homer Simpson answered.
"Marge! Stop that crazy thing!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Well, here's my house." Lisa Simpson said.
"Well, actually I-- Hey! Quit harvesting me with your eyes!" Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders responded: "My most cherished beliefs -- a myth?"
Ned Flanders answered: "Well, get out the Crayolas and color me tickled pink! Oh, what's with the lead pipe? Were you gonna give my noggin a floggin'?"
"Single white female wanted for mysterious expedition. Must like monkeys. Non-smoker preferred." Marge Simpson said.
Ned Flanders said: "Sure is nice to be shopping for a woman again. The last thing I bought for a lady was a casket."
Homer Simpson said "Okay, this isn't easy, so I'm just gonna come out and say it."
Homer Simpson answered: "The abandoned warehouse!"
"I don't know. Lisa, tonight is very important. Mommy has to alter her suit so it looks like a totally new one." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Yeah."
"Oh yeah. All the time. They say it's 'cause I'm overweight.", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "And I have to ask... has anyone seen the cat?"
Homer Simpson said: "All my love has come back in trophy form."
"Oh, that's wonderful, isn't it kids?", Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "SCRUBBING YOU / IS EASY 'CAUSE YOU'VE BEEN PRE-RINSED / AND WHEN YOU'RE COVERED WITH GOO / THAT'S WHEN I'M SCRUBBING YOU! / SCRUB-BUB-BUB-BUB-BUB / SCRUB-BUB-BUB-BUB-BUB..."
"Thanks. Are you sure you don't want to come? In a Civil War reenactment we need lots of Indians to shoot." Homer Simpson responded.
"No kiddin'. Anyway, I climbed over your gate. A dog was after me.", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Some gentle rocking will relax you, Mom."
"Stop saying what you call things! I'm trying to watch the movie!" Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "What a wonderful anniversary."
Seymour Skinner answered "I was gonna lose my foot."
Homer Simpson said "Those feelings are normal, Ned. They're part of the process. Watch the sprinkler."
"Mother, I'm fine. I..." Seymour Skinner replied.
"Spin the middle side topwise. Topwise." Bart Simpson answered.
"Freeze, bad guy!" Homer Simpson replied.
"You can always find your favorite shows next month.", Bart Simpson responded.
"No, no, let me finish. I just want you to know I've always been proud of you. You're my greatest accomplishment and you did it all yourself. You helped me understand my own wife better and taught me to be a better person. But you're also my daughter, and I don't think anybody could have had a better daughter than you--" Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "Ich bin ein... gymnast!"
"And we've got to change our approach to immigration. I have a progressive proposal to let into this country, two hundred grimy Irishmen a year. I've got lots of potatoes that need peeling and stables to be mucked out.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Soda, eh?"
Marge Simpson answered "Well I hope you enjoy it, your majesty -- 'cause I'm not speaking to you!"
"Kids, I have something to tell you.", Homer Simpson said.
"Hey, you've said it twice, Marge. You're in pretty deep.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "But, if you get elected, you can change all that, and stop those stupid airplanes from flying over my house."
"HI-HOW-ARE-YA, HI-HOW-ARE-YA, HI-HOW-ARE-YA, HI-HOW-ARE-YA.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Ooo, you're mad when you're angry..." Homer Simpson replied.
"Over here, Simpson! The detention room is dangerously overcrowded, so you'll be serving your time in the cafeteria.", Seymour Skinner responded.
"You have your own baby monitor in our child's room?", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Oh, Mag... No wait, this is yours."
"I'm horny!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Hey Dad..." Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "You strangle your child?"
"Man, Mom and Dad are really going at it." Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered: "But Dad, you don't need to help me by humiliating people."
"Really? But nerds are my mortal enemy.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Then I'm in the class?" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Oh my God! I know you must get this all the time, but can I suggest a flavor?"
"He knows I love him. And he loves me.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Nooo!", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Notice anything new?" Bart Simpson said.
"That usually works, but not today.", Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "I think it just froze. Oh no. No, that bird just moved."
Bart Simpson said: "Dance in front of my whole school? What is it with you and ballet?"
"Look at those eyes! There's an employee with a healthy case of the go-get-'ems!" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Heyyy, it's Bart! Super!", Homer Simpson answered.
"I would like it. You never come to my mother's.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Oooooh!", Ned Flanders responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Hi, Bart. I baked you some cookies."
"Y'ello. She what?! Oh, my God! Well I'm gonna settle this once and for all! Meet me at the place we discussed." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "All right!"
Marge Simpson replied "There's so much evil in the world."
"Absolutely.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "I feel the same about you."
"Well... maybe we could use it once and then return it.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "First Amendment rules, privacy drools!"
Marge Simpson: "Homie, you're making my toes curl. You sure know how to please a woman."
"You don't have the guts, little man!" Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "I'm not going to the bathroom in the backyard."
Bart Simpson said: "Stop it!"
"Yeah, I guess." Homer Simpson replied.
"I'm sorry. It's just that these tours are so exhausting. You're jetlagged, you're walking around all day... it's so hard to sleep knowing Marge and the kids are all stuck in one small room.... and it's so nice and cool in the tomb of the unknown savior...", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "But Mom, I'm winning! Look at this! His lunch money!"
"In these days of rising health care costs... blah blah blah... lip service, lip service... get out.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"The nineties? Never heard of it.", Bart Simpson responded.
"They find me a pointy-haired know-it-all." Lisa Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns: "Oh yes, but the telephone is so impersonal. I prefer the hands-on touch you only get with hired goons."
Marge Simpson responded: "Morning, honey."
"I can't afford that! I'm an educator." Seymour Skinner responded.
"Be careful a-- Uh-oh." Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "You're right, honey. Hear that, kids? The Simpsons are going to Blockoland!"
Marge Simpson said: "There it is -- ol' bounce 'n' giggle."
"Doesn't matter, as long as Edna gets her job back." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "So it would appear. However, Cousin It, there, was born a woman."
"You're the only guy I know with less hair than me.", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Mom! Dad! Look!"
Bart Simpson answered "Clobber Girl?"
"No!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"For God's sake, you can pull the lid off your own can of pudding!" Marge Simpson replied.
"Well, at least it got made." Marge Simpson said.
"Huh uh.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Oh, hiya, Homer. How 'bout a beer?" Moe Szyslak said.
"Ditto Tom Jones.", Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "Don't worry, honey. You can win without him."
"Wow, Mom." Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded "Oh dad, you must've bought me every Malibu Stacey accessory there is."
"The dog's got the mumps." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "It's not over, Marge. It'll never be over. When I shut my eyes, all I see is Fat Tony and me having drinks at that bar on the beach."
"All done.", Homer Simpson said.
"Well, this is kind of a cute outfit.", Homer Simpson said.
"No." Bart Simpson said.
"You know it." Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded "But when he's twenty-three, I'll be eighteen."
"You're f...", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Will you at least do the dishes?", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Wait a minute, Homer. If it's true, what about all the stuff you weren't around for?" Moe Szyslak said.
Marge Simpson responded: "No, it's too risky! We'll just wait till the traffic thins out. Turn, turn, keep turning, keep turning, keep turning, keep turning..."
Marge Simpson replied "Homie, look at them!"
Bart Simpson replied "I'm not hungry."
"Young man, I have the answer to your problems.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Now, let's put it on a shelf and never look at it again." Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "ROLLIN' ON MY SKATEBOARD / PIMPIN' LIKE A DRUG LORD..."
"Why are you dancing with that strange woman?" Marge Simpson responded.
"I guess this is it. Thanks anyway.", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "Uh-oh."
"Yay!" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Knock it off..."
"The Flaming Moe dates back to my forefathers who were bartenders to the Czar." Moe Szyslak replied.
"Why would you believe him?" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Shut up, boy."
"Homer, please. It's not just the quilt. He's a nice dog, but he chews up everything. He doesn't obey. He's not even housebroken. And we've spent all this money on an obedience school and I don't see any improvement.", Marge Simpson answered.
"No! No!" Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said: "Could not!"
"Fine. I gotta go." Lisa Simpson replied.
"And now, to present the grant money, a legendary figure in educational disbursement: State Comptroller Atkins.", Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson said: "Ooh, that's a lot of money."
Lisa Simpson said "I like the Impressionists."
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "I was afraid you'd be some tattooed bruiser."
"Lazar who?" Homer Simpson answered.
"So how can I get my shirts in stores?" Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "No. And, since I'm sure that you'd only resent the pity of an eight-year-old niece, I'll simply hope that you're one of the statistically insignificant forty-year-old single women who ever find their fair Prince."
"It's four o'clock on a Saturday." Marge Simpson said.
"Homer, what took you so long? The game's almost over.", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "We'll all help."
Marge Simpson said: "Oh, stop. Your father and I don't get the day off."
Lisa Simpson replied: "I'M NOT THAT COOL, I DON'T WEAR JEANS / I'VE POLISHED AN APPLE OR TWO / BUT EVERY GRADE THAT I GRUBBED, I GRUBBED IT FOR YOU... / SO CALL ME BOOKWORM / BUT I'LL NEVER SQUIRM, WHEN THERE'S WORK TO BE DONE / YES I'LL TAKE MY LUNCH AT MY DESK / WHILE YOU'RE ALL OUTSIDE HAVING FUN..."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Dad, sit down."
Bart Simpson said "Well, if I look at your face, I get sick."
Lisa Simpson answered "Hey!"
Homer Simpson: "Hey, dolphins."
"Our marriage is just an illusion. He doesn't care how I feel at all. He doesn't know how to love." Marge Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak said "Huh... no one was in there."
"We're murderers!", Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "It takes six hours to make breakfast now."
"I'm French, not you.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh yes, of course. Where are my manners?" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Ugh, I think I'd rather just get to work, Ma'am."
"Oh, Marge! There is no such place!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Bleeding Gums was my hero and I never got to tell him how I felt." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Hustle your bustles, gang! We're going to the Senior Olympics to root for Grampa!" Marge Simpson responded.
"Quit it! Must wash eyes! J--" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "That's no gentleman, that's my husband."
Marge Simpson replied "Oh please, Lisa. Everyone's already figured that out."
Lisa Simpson said: "Repent! Repent! Before it's too late! I always wanted to do that in a New England church."
"Burns' Mansion?! That's Mr. Burns' mansion!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Kids, come and get it!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Uh... I-I'm saving it... for a special occasion." Marge Simpson said.
"There's always a first time.", Moe Szyslak responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "They dared me to see how many TV remotes I could stick in my mouth."
Seymour Skinner replied: "Brilliant plan to remove all the underperformers for test day, sir."
"Indeed, truly terrible." Seymour Skinner answered.
"Mom? Mom?", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Why? We're following the rules -- if it has a toothpick in it, it's free."
Homer Simpson replied "Woo hoo! Sold!"
Bart Simpson responded: "Woulda got an A but I was sick!"
Lisa Simpson answered "They're all equally valid! But that can't be. In life everything only has one answer!"
"Oh my God. Someone wants to be my partner. Can't screw this up.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Didn't he Lisa? Didn't he? Hey, wait a minute, he didn't!" Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "Cool. History's coming alive."
"Now this is exactly what Bart's teacher was talking about. Our son did something wrong and you look the other way.", Marge Simpson said.
"Homer, stop that! It's just a weather station." Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Y-e-e-e-s."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Why do I get the feeling that someday I'll be describing this to a psychiatrist?"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Bart Simpson! The thought of a boy trapped in a well brought out the kindness and love of the entire community. When they find out you've been fooling them, they're gonna want to cut you up with rusty razors."
Homer Simpson said "I mean, nooo!"
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Spare me the tired semantics of the Simpson family! Take him away!"
Marge Simpson responded: "Now, come on, you two. What time does your little truck game start?"
"Give it up, Homer. It's locked up tight.", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "Hmm... Would you like a tall frosty one, Homer?"
Lisa Simpson said: "Look, it's J.K. Rowling, author of the Harry Potter books. You've turned a generation of kids onto reading."
Bart Simpson answered "Don't have a cow, Lis."
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh, it's true! We weren't robbed! That part we made up! But the rest is true!"
Marge Simpson answered "Well maybe..."
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Ironic, isn't it. The hunter has become the hunted. Oh God, Smithers, I feel so alive."
Homer Simpson replied "Mmm... Homer-oats."
"I want that oil well! I've got a monopoly to maintain! I own the Electric Company and the Waterworks, plus the hotel on Baltic Avenue." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
C. Montgomery Burns: "Thank you, you're too kind. Yes, that's it, let it all out. Clutch me to your common bosom."
Homer Simpson responded "There you go. Now that's not so bad, is it?"
"Die? Well, you don't scare me, Doc. 'Cause dying would be a stone groove. Got any messages for Jimi Hendrix?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, he'll agitate ya. Ho, ho. He sure will. What can we do for you?" Homer Simpson said.
"I guess there's nothing left to do but go outside and play. Wait, a sponsored link!" Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Dear Log... This will be my last entry. For you were a journal of my hopes and dreams, and now I have none."
"Yeah, you did the right thing... eventually." Bart Simpson replied.
"Are you kidding? He's my idol. I've based my whole life on Krusty's teachings.", Bart Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner said "Bah."
"Don't give up, Aunt Selma. China has thousands of baby girls who need adoption.", Lisa Simpson said.
"I can't remember where we parked." Homer Simpson answered.
"You think we should enter?", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "You're right. If I can feed a family of five on twelve dollars a week, I can do anything."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Well, I will be when the morphine wears off, but until then, Teedily deedily dee dee. Teedily dee dee dee. Woo hoo hoo. Hee hee hee."
"Man, the air feels good on my neck!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Curses! It's jammed.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "We saved fifty cents on that purchase!"
Homer Simpson: "What can you do? Sex sells."
"Uh... they all won." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "Okay... they're so buggy, I can't!"
Homer Simpson responded: "That's right. Now I'll cut and you soak."
Homer Simpson said "DE-FENSE! DE-FENSE! DE-FENSE!"
"Oh, you're so right. I guess I should be more concerned with Bart's safety than covering my own butt. And maybe I'm talking like this because I can't stop. Help me, Lisa! I have serious mental problems!", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "Give me a minute."
Homer Simpson said: "Yes, Nelson?"
Lisa Simpson responded "Mom, Dad threw his beer can at the Miracle Gro guy on TV. Can I recycle it?"
"Hey, they chose Maggie, okay?" Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "Yep, that's me. When she's asleep I'm in control."
"Could there be anyone awesomer?" Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "Are you planning to hit Ned Flanders with that pipe and take his tickets?"
Ned Flanders answered: "Aw, they're just family heirlooms. That shouldn't stand in the way of Homer takin' my job and--"
"Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God!", Homer Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak said: "What's so damn funny? I mean,"
Homer Simpson replied "Bart! Close the gate."
"Hey mom, do all conductors carry poisoned blow-darts in their pocket?" Bart Simpson replied.
"And today, instead of buying comic books, I just read 'em and left 'em in the store.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Don't worry mom, there's tons of these things.", Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "Somebody help him!"
Lisa Simpson: "I know! It's such an unrealistic standard for young... Huh?"
"Dad, that's Bashir -- my new friend.", Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "Well, you're all invited, so you can make your snippy comments while you eat my hors d'oeuvres."
Bart Simpson answered "Smithers and Burns?"
Seymour Skinner said "What scar?"
"Good Lord! My Stormin' Norman Commemorative Plates stolen... again." Seymour Skinner responded.
Seymour Skinner replied "Scoot, young Simpson. There's learning afoot."
Moe Szyslak replied "Well, that does it. That does it! I'm lookin' at his cards."
Bart Simpson: "These prices suck! Ten thousand yen for coleslaw?!"
"All right, before I send this, I'd better, uh, un-beady the eyes... de-Neanderthal the brow... smooth out my hate lines... lighten up the ear hair... switch my lips...", Moe Szyslak answered.
"In my weaker moments I almost pity them. Then I just remind myself they're trying to teach." Bart Simpson responded.
"I was on the computer all night!", Marge Simpson said.
"Breakfast!", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Oh no, there's that angry mob again."
"Ah, put a book in it." Seymour Skinner responded.
"Good. That'll save us some time. Okay... why do you think your mother and I sleep in the same bed?" Homer Simpson responded.
"It's about an asteroid!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "We're still cool though, right?"
"Let's try another one: If a tree falls in the woods and no one's around, does it make a sound?", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Oh, you seem sweet, but I could never have a favorite." Marge Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders answered: "I never wanted to turn into Big Brother. I just wanted to be Little Sister, tattlin' on everyone so the town would be a nicer place."
Lisa Simpson said "Thank you. I know this giant check is very important to everyone here. But, what's even more important is the truth."
Marge Simpson: "The load is on the road."
Homer Simpson said: "Get him! I mean, woo hoo!"
"Marge, relax. I've never heard of anyone getting so upset about religion." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Wait, wait!"
Homer Simpson responded "Everything's comin' up Homer."
Homer Simpson replied: "Anger's a mood!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Flanders. Eh, I guess you've got some late night problems too."
Marge Simpson answered "Bartholomew J. Simpson!"
Homer Simpson said "Not now, Marge."
"Homer, when you nurse a hurt for thirty years, it doesn't go away in an instant." Marge Simpson responded.
"Sure thing, honey." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Huh? If you can't sell beer, what are Lenny and Carl doing here?"
Bart Simpson responded: "YAAARRRGG!!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "Don't call me Chief."
"As an eight-year-old girl in twenty-first century America, I know how it is to feel insecure about your looks. But you've got so much going for you. I'd kill for your sense of smell... you have a nice firm handshake..." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "What'd she say about cupcakes?"
Homer Simpson responded "Relax, boy. We're ahead of schedule."
Bart Simpson answered: "Heh... heh... heh. Just a couple more games and I'll hit the books."
"Uh, yeah. I'll have the shark butt with butt sauce.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Me and the guys went fishing. Almost caught a catfish this big." Bart Simpson responded.
"I rest my case." Lisa Simpson replied.
"I was thinking amateurs only.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Cover..." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "Bumblebee-man, mi treehouse es su bee- house... Reverend, love the cassock... Moleman, lookin' good!..."
Marge Simpson answered "Just let the chemicals deal with it."
Homer Simpson said: "Okay, now. Put..."
Homer Simpson said "I know -- I'll use that white-noise machine I got you when your father died."
Marge Simpson replied: "Wow, the President's bathroom!"
Bart Simpson responded "Cool man!"
Bart Simpson replied "Ay carumba!"
"Geez, what's with all the death?", Homer Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders replied: "Bedbugs? Just why is there a bed in City Hall?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Marge, I'm sorry I couldn't figure out how to get that movie onto your iPod... so I'm taking the family on a surprise vacation to Barnacle Bay!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Uh, if you two country hens are finished clucking, I'd like to buy a copy of Jugs and Ammo."
Bart Simpson replied: "I'll do the honors."
"Nah, nah, no. Makin' polenta, that's a procedure. You're talkin' about deadly, life-threatening surgery, here." Moe Szyslak replied.
"Deacon? Is that like one of those weird Catholic Priest things?", Homer Simpson answered.
"I'll be a campus hero..." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "I can't take this anymore!"
"And an entire pan of funeral fudge.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Really? Ooh, this I gotta see."
"That's honest work for honest pay!" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, try me."
"I've had just about enough of you.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Wow. Chocolate -- half price!", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "All right, let's get our stories straight for Marge and Maude. We were out buying them fabulous gifts..."
"We're not paramedics!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "You mean Lisa wanted to get rid of me?"
Moe Szyslak said "Oh, uh, so, uh, I guess this means you hillbillies are gonna have your way with me. Huh?"
"Pong!", Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said "These new vending machine snacks are crammed with processed sugar, industrial byproducts and trans-fatty acids!"
"Remember when you almost became heavyweight champ?" Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "And you have fun at your ridiculous event."
"Okay, it's in his brain.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Dad, please!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "After we see the stations of the omelet bar."
Marge Simpson responded "Ooo, sexy drinks, adult board games..."
Homer Simpson responded "Well, duh."
Homer Simpson said: "You heard your mother's ramblings. She's fine, so behave."
Homer Simpson said "Not a chance. No one can silence me, but me!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Well, I am a married man..."
Homer Simpson responded "Will you be my friend?"
Homer Simpson replied "Huh, that's weird, my armpits are gettin' wet."
"I think he's building to something." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Poor guy."
Homer Simpson said: "Why should I kill my family?"
"People saw our story on the news and they've opened their hearts to us!" Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied "Eating mock buffalo steaks made from peaceful turnip roots, uh, they... environment... umm, dignity... corn god... I'm sorry, I can't do this!"
"Maybe TV is right. TV's always right.", Homer Simpson said.
"Fine. I guess the juice business is more important than the ideals our hippie forefathers refused to go to war and die for.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "I'm sorry, but I sacrificed a very expensive camera just to get some quiet time."
"I wouldn't mind driving that over a prairie dog village! Honk to the driver!", Bart Simpson replied.
"And all those new workers are gonna want to spend their earnings buying what you're selling: beer.", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Apu, how did you survive?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Wake up, ya lousy drunk!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Quiet, her muscular ears can hear us."
"My father never believed in me.", Homer Simpson said.
"What'll you take for the pearls?" Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "Chief Wiggum! Oh, you sure got a lotta copies of the paper."
"I like that. But I'm on a bit of a health kick, so I'll take the low-fat vanilla... with the following mix-ins: Snickles, Gooey Bears, Charlottesville Chew, Nice 'N' Many, Kat Kit, Herschel's Smooches, Mrs. Bad Bar, and Milk Dudes." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Captain!"
"It's clever how the names remind you of the fifties and at the same time tell you what there is to eat." Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded "You look just like a Buddha statue. Now, all you need is an expression of utter serenity."
"Leg? Oh, oh, that. It's pretty great. How are things at home?", Marge Simpson answered.
"Balloon ride, wax museum, the Denzel Washington monument, colonial Phoenix, hey, dude ranch!" Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "You already have a monkey."
"What's therapy gonna do for me when the world is in ashes?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said "Elementary, my dear Simpson."
"Hey, you're not a penny.", Homer Simpson said.
"You know, I spend all day alone with Maggie... and sometimes it's like I don't even exist." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Well, a little book once told me..."
Marge Simpson: "I really don't see how this helps Bart."
"Cool. Even this menu is made of meat. It's an entire chicken pounded flat.", Bart Simpson answered.
"They'll have tabouleh." Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "Well, I've been thinking, too. You know, Homer, you've always been such a good provider, but when we got married, Mr. Berger promised I could come back to my old job anytime I wanted."
Marge Simpson said "Bart! Don't ever say that word again!"
Bart Simpson replied "Lenny Lenford. You're a long way from your barstool."
Marge Simpson answered: "Hm. I don't know if it's a good idea to do that while you're driving."
"Excellent.", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh my, war is terrible."
"You mean the mob only did me a favor to get something in return? Oh, Fat Tony... I will say good day to you, sir.", Homer Simpson said.
"Mm, that is good grub.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Donut? What's a donut?", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "For your information, I can take care of my --"
"You're goin' down, Homer! I'm gonna fool you!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Sorry!", Homer Simpson answered.
"It shows the history of nuclear physics, from Marie Curie's laboratory to a scale model of the first nuclear reactor.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"I'll just focus on one area... How many did I get? None? That's cool." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded: "Ohhhh, how about this adorable sun-suit. It has a starfish on the fanny and it comes with its own pail!"
Bart Simpson said "Oh... oh! Krusty, how could you?"
"Come on, toilet! If you can handle Dad, you can handle this!" Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "Sure."
"Mom, it's trash talk. You know how guys say mean things to their friends, the way women say nice things to their enemies.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Open file, click and...invested! Hey Lisa, check out your college fund!"
Marge Simpson answered "Club soda will get that blood out."
Homer Simpson: "Bingo? That's my favorite game. I just can't remember what to yell out when you win."
Lisa Simpson responded "Bart... Bart..."
"You're not licked, Krusty. People love a comeback. Look at Robert Downey Junior... Mickey Rourke..." Lisa Simpson said.
"It's Bill Pullman, you fool!" Homer Simpson said.
"Flanders, I can't listen to your crap before my coffee." Homer Simpson said.
"Just think, Lisa, if I had paid for those skating lessons, that could've been you!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "That's exactly how it is."
"Why you little! That's not a heartwarming thing to end on!", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "Awww..."
"I'm gonna lose my job just 'cause I'm dangerously unqualified.", Homer Simpson replied.
"So Lisa says by killing their enemy, I became the alpha-crow.", Homer Simpson responded.
"The internet wasn't created for mockery. It was supposed to help researchers at different universities share data sets. It was!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Welcome to another school year. One important note: the flower-based names of the reading groups are now barnyard-based. Mr. Becker has protested the move, so his group will remain the Daffodils.", Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson answered "Take that Washington!"
Marge Simpson responded: "Dinner is served. I tried to make what Homer said you liked."
"Awwww... crap." Moe Szyslak responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "You're preachin' to the choir, man."
Bart Simpson replied "How can they imprison kids in school on a beautiful day like this?"
Lisa Simpson responded "I get it. Every week they send out two pamphlets, half picking one team and half picking the other. Eventually, there's a small group of people who only receive the correct predictions -- and think Professor Pigskin is always right! That's when they ask for your money."
Homer Simpson answered: "And I gave that man directions, even though I didn't know the way. 'Cause that's the kind of guy I am this week."
"Gotta think! Gotta think! Okay, somewhere there's a thingee that tells you how to work this stuff. The um... the, uh... the manual! The manual! RIGHT." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "You saved us, Maggie!"
"Lower!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Hello..." Seymour Skinner replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Really? You're so supportive. I wish every teacher was like you."
Homer Simpson said "Set a course, Mr. Maggie. Anywhere but home."
"Have you told mom about this?" Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Woo-hoo!"
"I'unno." Bart Simpson replied.
"Hotel? Why don't you just stay at Ned's place?" Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "Was it because you hate me, or because you're bad?"
"Mmm, I don't think he's married, Homer.", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said: "Well, whatever the answer is, I'm glad I'm a girl and I'm glad I'm good at math. Now enjoy your stupid flautist."
"Shut up!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "No, Lisa, don't go upstairs. You'll be trapped!"
"Goodbye, Mr. Simpson." Marge Simpson replied.
"Marge? Why didn't you sign?", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "Stupid Dad. Doesn't care about my feelings..."
Bart Simpson answered: "Climb aboard."
"I knew I shouldn't have put a fireplace in the bedroom.", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "Ten... E-le-ven... TWELVE!"
"Remember to dress warm and try to be as helpful as you can to your adopted parents.", Marge Simpson replied.
"It's a tape. Martin must've set it to go off when the chrysalises hatched.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Reverend Lovejoy, our marriage needs this bed." Marge Simpson said.
"All right officer." Ned Flanders responded.
"Marge, she's right." Homer Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders: "Thank you, Homer, I dunno what got--"
Marge Simpson said "He woke you up when you stopped breathing last night."
Bart Simpson: "Well, we've got to find him! What? I'm really concerned. Fine, I want to meet monkeys."
"Marge, the couch is lumpy!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Ouch! Censer.."
Bart Simpson responded "I think he's in the house!"
Marge Simpson answered "That's a photo of Homer and me at our wedding."
"That internet has it all. Today I found I had the same birthday as Randy Quaid, I MapQuested a great new route to the armory, and I got a list of local houses where I'm not letting you kids trick or treat anymore!", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Oh, I'm sorry I ruined your career, Mel."
"Yeah, good old Carl." Moe Szyslak answered.
Ned Flanders answered: "For two more days. Then it becomes Libertarian Party headquarters. I hope they have better luck than I did."
"Smithers, are they booing me?" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"That's alright. I think I'll just hit the hay.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"I love you, Marge.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Hey... Hey, Lurleen! I've gotta say somethin' to ya."
Marge Simpson said "Until you pay us back, you're answering to me! And there's gonna be big changes."
Homer Simpson responded "Oh, okay."
Homer Simpson answered "Sorry, Lisa. Can't change the future."
Seymour Skinner replied: "Man on the range!! Change your trajectories!!!"
"Well, you kids are always disobeying them!", Seymour Skinner replied.
Marge Simpson: "The water's boiling! Quick, chuck him in!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Aw dang! I lost track of time! I'm gonna be late for work."
Homer Simpson responded "Yeah, what do you want?"
Bart Simpson replied: "Oh, I'm a baby, huh? Well, then I'll act like a baby."
"Homie, after all this, do you still believe in God?", Marge Simpson said.
"One last sunbeam... and we're done.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "When winter came, Lewis and Clark tried to set up camp, but encountered much hardship."
"Good news, gentlemen. I've grown that extra inch you wanted, plus several feet more.", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "Maggie's right in the middle of that Italian-American-Mexican standoff!"
Marge Simpson answered "Ooh, I don't know. Could be. I need some inspiration."
Marge Simpson said: "Stupid pan."
"Oh, don't be silly." Lisa Simpson said.
"Do not mention that publication in this house! They never published my poem!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Yeah, but aren't those experiments dangerous?"
"I am sick and tired of trying to decode you like you're some kind of human being separate from myself!!!", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Hell-o. First born within earshot."
Bart Simpson responded: "Oh, man."
"An elephant's butt?" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "I love you, Marge."
Homer Simpson replied "Okay, then just give me the drinking bird."
Seymour Skinner: "Make that four months detention."
"Yep. I cast a voodoo spell on her. I won't bore you with the dark details, but let's just say she's in no condition for teaching." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "You saved my life. And I came here every day to make sure you pulled through."
Homer Simpson responded "More for me."
Marge Simpson said "There was one in a cage, but he wasn't moving."
Homer Simpson said "Why, there must be some mistake."
Bart Simpson said: "Okay, Milhouse, lets try out the new cup."
Homer Simpson said: "Oh, everything's too damned expensive these days. Look at this Bible I just got. Fifteen bucks! And talk about a preachy book! Everybody's a sinner except for this guy."
"Bu..but we don't have that kind of money. In fact, no school could afford to..." Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson: "Shake on it?"
"You, there! No chewing gum on school grounds. In the trash can with it!", Seymour Skinner replied.
"Bart, does that even mean anything?", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Shoe goes on, shoe goes off. Shoe goes on, shoe goes off. Shoe goes on, shoe goes off." Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "What's for dinner?"
Homer Simpson answered: "No penalty!"
"Help! Helllp!", Bart Simpson replied.
"Mr. Szyslak -- there must be some person, possibly in this very room, who believed in you when no one else did.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Oh, the whole deal. Coffin. Tombstone. Anti-stink spray.", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "This group is adapting children's classics for the stage to entertain generations of survivors."
"Fine. I'll drop everything I'm doing just for you. But you'll have to live with the guilt of ruining my Saturday. Can you live with that, Marge? Huh? Can ya?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Ah, the Tunnel of Love -- nothing gets a woman in your arms faster than scary robots and simulated privacy."
"My family's here!" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Thanks for trying, but I'll be at Moe's."
"It just seems too good to be true.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Oh, there's so much I don't know about astrophysics. I wish I'd read that book by that wheelchair guy."
"Oooh! It's good news, isn't it?" Homer Simpson said.
"No Father's Day Eve... does this mean there's no such thing as... Daddy Claus?", Homer Simpson responded.
"He who laughs last, laughs dead." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered "Oh, perfect. Now that's art."
"Listen, people!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Son of a diddly!", Ned Flanders replied.
Lisa Simpson replied: "He's hungry. Here you go, Stampy. Eat it slow. It has to last for..."
"I don't know, Homer. We're right in the middle of the busy housekeeping season.", Marge Simpson said.
"No. It wasn't me, I swear. It was... him." Homer Simpson responded.
"Ah! Tenting! Tenting! Back to the tenting!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"One Turbo Diary, please." Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "Fox flew me out here to bring you back. They flew me on Frito Lay's Air Force Yum!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "And there's something different about him."
Homer Simpson answered "Hey! Lionel Hutz..."
"Takes one to know one." Bart Simpson answered.
"That's why I'm up here.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"Look at those morons -- they sing because they're stupid!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Bart, you're saying butt kisser like it's a bad thing."
Homer Simpson replied "You were right, Marge. These people are not for us."
Lisa Simpson said "This couldn't have less to do with Christmas! And I think that's a stagehand."
Homer Simpson answered "As a representative of planet earth, let me be the first to say..."
"Homie, don't do this -- you have a wife and three young children at home." Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Fine. How about--"
"Less blathering, more slathering." Homer Simpson responded.
"Granted. But you gotta admit, constant supervision has been good for Bart. He might even make the honor roll, if Dad can control his night terrors." Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "That's ridiculous. No one's bowl smells... it's like Christmas in Aspen."
Lisa Simpson responded "Are we insane yet? Are we insane yet? Are we insane yet?"
Bart Simpson said: "All right! Full Conversion! Thanks guys. This really cheered me up."
Ned Flanders responded "This town is sweeter than a cake made of pie. Even the dogs curb themselves."
Marge Simpson replied "Well, Homer and I are looking forward to your visit, too."
Lisa Simpson answered "Ralph, they have no right to do this to you. They just want to use you."
Lisa Simpson responded "Great game, Bart."
"Yeah, while you're at it can you pick me up some beer?" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Never!"
"You're looking for help?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Get out of there!", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "You're better than that."
Homer Simpson: "All right, I'll go. But the next time you want someone to remind you which brother is which, or smell your hair while you're sleeping, just remember, old Homer won't be here anymore."
Marge Simpson: "Bad dog!"
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Eeeeeee!!"
"I ain't done nothin' yet.", Moe Szyslak replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "Here's your smoothie, sweetheart."
"Dad, do you wear boxers or briefs?", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "You mean that one with the red paint?"
Lisa Simpson answered: "That's gross."
"Oh, it sure is good to be home.", Marge Simpson responded.
"I just wish you could keep an open mind about other cultures." Lisa Simpson said.
"Dad, bathing suit!", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "There is no drive thru!"
"I'm still a kid. And what do kids love? Kid stuff, like this.", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Good idea. I can chuck eggs at the other couples."
"Oh my God! She's become a monster! Which I have to admit, I sort of suspected during the sex.", Homer Simpson replied.
"...cause he's already kind of heavy you know and..." Moe Szyslak responded.
"Nah, I know enough." Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "I remember Bart!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Maggie, I know you like the bear... but wouldn't you be just as happy playing with... this box!"
"It's okay, Grampa -- you don't have to act grumpy. I know you're taking the drug, and I don't mind -- because you're happy.", Lisa Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Attention, insects! The foot of reckoning has arrived!"
Marge Simpson answered: "Now, Lisa tell your side of the story. And use your big voice."
Homer Simpson: "Woo!"
Homer Simpson answered "Wait for it... wait for it..."
Homer Simpson replied "The editor put in like six pictures of this girl 'cause she was his girlfriend."
Marge Simpson responded "I'm still mad at you from last night."
Homer Simpson said "I'm a Chinese acrobat!"
Homer Simpson responded "I was standing in this line to use the bathroom, but now my license is expired."
Homer Simpson answered: "It knows you're afraid."
"La-la-la-la-la-la-la." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "That's right. I got a job here so I can watch over you like a mother hen."
Homer Simpson: "What did you just see, Lisa?"
Homer Simpson replied "Look at these jerks."
Bart Simpson replied "Aw jeez, I hope no one heard you say that."
"I'm sorry we ever fought." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "What?! Name twelve."
Bart Simpson said "Sister spit!"
"That's no reason to buy a pony!", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "Hey, I never refuse food from strangers."
"New glasses?" Homer Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns said "Supplying false information on a national park register is a federal offense..."
Bart Simpson replied: "How'd you get Dad to go along with this?"
"Your effects have been moved to Willie's shack.", Seymour Skinner responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "What do you mean? All the time? Even when they're nuts?"
Lisa Simpson said "Quick, let's get..."
"See ya in Atlanta, jerk!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "GLIBBIE GLOP GLOOPIE / NIBBIE NABBIE NOOBIE / LA LE LO LO LO."
"Principal Skinner, I thought public schools were required to have access ramps for the disabled." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Medication?" Bart Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak replied: "Here she is, uh, Homer. The wonderful girl I been tellin' you about."
"For ourselves?", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "You're welcome. And if you really want to get your belly button pierced, go see a professional."
"Yes, well, to have a successful baseball club, you need teamwork. Not some hot dog admissions officer playing by his own rules." C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson answered "The truth never tasted so good!"
"Hey, you do a great me, Marge. You gotta show the guys at Moe's." Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "The world may have despised Glamorous Godfrey, but that conceited mother-puncher was my hero."
"I sure am looking forward to my birthday fishing trip... Well I'll see ya soon, this is Moe, big day... uh, waitin', feeling uh, kind of fragile... Moe, the birthday boy, listenin' for your car...", Moe Szyslak responded.
"Man, it feels good to get out of that car. Ooo, go-carts! C'mon everybody, let's go.", Homer Simpson said.
"Ah... Miss Hoover? I don't think I can dissect an animal. I think it's wrong." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Gimme the usual."
Bart Simpson said: "You got it!"
"Outta my way! She's gonna blow!", Homer Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner answered: "Who are all of you people?"
Homer Simpson answered "Yep, your worries are over. I'm back to being a boring old Safety Inspector at a nuclear power plant."
Homer Simpson answered "I saw something terrible, and I can't even say it so I'll have these two dolls do it for me."
Marge Simpson said "She's taken my daughter to an erupting volcano? That's it! She is off the Christmas card list."
Homer Simpson responded "Oh?"
Homer Simpson answered "Don't shoot, Don't shoot. They're souvenirs."
"Oh look, God's giving us a little shower.", Homer Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak answered: "Ya fat ass."
"Members of the media..." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded "So then I pop my delts, clench and bam! Not a dry eye in the house."
"It may be bleak, but this music is really getting to the crowd.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders: "Ho-ho! What a great pot party."
"Mmm... Farfetched.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh, I'm sorry. I'm Sorry. Sorry."
Homer Simpson answered: "Aye-aye, sir."
"Herb! How have you been?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Mm-hmm." Marge Simpson replied.
"Now boy, we spent a lot of money. So you better get real good real fast or pow!", Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Thank you, Smithers. Your candor is most refreshing."
Lisa Simpson answered: "How could you?"
Bart Simpson answered: "Oh yeah."
Ned Flanders replied "Well I didn't need any special power to know that was comin'."
"Are you talking about a soul patch?", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "Hey Milhouse, what did I miss in school today?"
"Are we done?", Lisa Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak answered "It does. We had thirty thousand here last night. Now play. The audience is gettin' restless."
Homer Simpson responded: "Care to cut? Watch this, Lenny."
"What's that billowing down the stairs? It's smoke!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Marge, when you see me next I'll be a soggy, smoky hero. Mmm, soggy, smoky hero.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "What's your favorite song, Lisa?"
Homer Simpson: "Hmm, that's the kind of dirt that belongs on my web page."
Seymour Skinner responded "Well, I could send it back to Taiwan for repair, but why should I have to? I've done nothing wrong. And I don't give permission for my face to be on TV. I want it blurred."
"My brother just had his appendix out.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Yep, we've got something money can't buy - love on a train. And I promise each anniversary will be better and better...", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "Don't be nervous. We believe in you, Homer."
Ned Flanders responded "Sports stands for Strict Parental Oversight Rather Than Sports!"
Lisa Simpson replied "Uh, well I..."
"Um, I'm looking for something in an after-dinner burrito.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "No."
"Bravo! Bravo! Bravissimo!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Oh Lord, please strike these mountain folk dead--", Bart Simpson replied.
"Hey, what can I say. I love learning." Bart Simpson replied.
"Come on, Lisa... ride the Homer horsey. Giddiyap! Whee!", Homer Simpson said.
"And Queens Valedictoria and Helvetica hid their beloved two-nicorn from the hungry ogre Homeroni." Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Carrot cake?!"
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "That voice! That shrill, disagreeable voice! It's her!"
"Well, where should we go for brunch?", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "I'd like to nominate my teacher, Mrs. Krabappel. She may not be glamorous or entertaining... She's just a real teacher who comes in every day no matter what. And she never gave up on me, Bart Simpson."
"And you didn't think I'd make any money. I found a dollar while I was waiting for the bus." Homer Simpson said.
"The Good Book..." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "What are you talking about, Homer? Where are we going?"
"I just can't believe my sister would keep me in the dark all these years, then expect complete acceptance on the day she gets married." Marge Simpson said.
"They'll never let me near Lake Havasu again.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Eh, it's my metabmobolism. I guess I'm just one of the lucky ones." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "Homer, your daughter doesn't want to get married."
Homer Simpson replied "Lisa! You have a guest!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Learnin' somethin', Marge?"
"Bart, you wouldn't happen to know what sort of candy your Aunt Patty likes, would you?", Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson replied "Who's Jeremy Piven?"
Homer Simpson replied "Nothin'."
"My darling, since my kneecaps are filling with fluid as we speak, I'll be brief. Will you marry me?" C. Montgomery Burns said.
C. Montgomery Burns: "Is your sense of outrage dulled?"
"Rugged? Is that the same as handsome?" Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "Now I know that my lega-she is really a lega-we."
"Dad, you don't have to do this." Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Uh, Mom? Remember how you wished we would never grow up?"
"Yeah, that's great there, Ling Chow." Moe Szyslak answered.
"I've just reviewed your ten-year performance record and it's appalling.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Oh, c'mon, if we quit now we'll never know how badly they're gonna beat us." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded "Heart and Soul..."
Bart Simpson replied: "Polo!"
"Look, just because Milhouse is gone doesn't mean you have to pretend to be my friend." Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "And it's our ticket to the best Spring Break of our lives!"
"Hey Homer, I've been singing your praises all day. Marge said we could have choir practice in your house tonight.", Ned Flanders said.
"Look at it go! All right! Hey, since it's a dream, let's ride our bikes naked around town.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied "Well, whether or not the soul is physically real, Bart, it's the symbol of everything fine inside us."
Lisa Simpson replied: "No, you can't!"
"Nooooo!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Gather 'round, everyone! I'm going to teach you about religion."
"What a deal! I'd be a sucker not to get it." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "Okay, she's fat."
"That's right.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "It may be on a lousy channel but the Simpsons are on TV!"
Marge Simpson replied: "Oh, you're a widower."
Bart Simpson: "Oh. Fine. I'm tired of watching you two lip wrestle. There's plenty of other ways to be grossed out in this town."
Ned Flanders replied "Homer? What are you doing here?"
Homer Simpson answered "Marge, can you set the oven to cold?"
Bart Simpson answered: "And one time, during a speech, he was shot by a saloon-keeper -- but Teddy finished his speech before heading to the hospital!!"
"It's just enough to get home. I'm hungry now.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"You don't have to do that, Mr. Burns. I can throw myself out.", Homer Simpson said.
"What a whimsical building! Who says science can't be fun?", Lisa Simpson said.
"Pretend to care!" Homer Simpson replied.
"C'mon, Maggie. Nummy, nummy num.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Look at this place. It's everything I've ever dreamed of: On-campus stables!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"The other day I was so desperate for a beer I snuck into the football stadium and ate the dirt under the bleachers." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "Mom, I don't want to play with Ralph."
"Eh, some government job." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Multiply by seven... don't forget to carry the six, six, six..."
Homer Simpson answered "Oh, Marge, I can't stand it when you cry at dinner. The pork chops look traumatized. The mashed potatoes can't stand watch. Even the children seem upset. So trust me, I will come through for you, baby."
"Oh, I'm not much of a drinker.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Come on, Bob, you don't need to kill me. I'll probably kill myself pretty soon with all the stupid things I do. Oh no, I swallowed my tongue." Bart Simpson responded.
"So the good King's cheap uranium will allow me to sell you expensive nuclear power. Everyone wins." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Well, girls I mean I mean boys. I, I mean you!" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Awesome."
Homer Simpson answered "Guess how many boobs I saw today, Marge? Fifteen!"
Homer Simpson responded "Okay!"
Homer Simpson: "Oh."
"Great, Marge. I wanna hear all about it.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh God. I've created a Prankenstein!" Seymour Skinner said.
"LOVE MEEEE!" C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Not insane.", Homer Simpson answered.
"What?! Oh my God, my sweet Margie! Okay, listen very carefully: don't do anything they say, remain panicky, and above all, try to be a hero." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "See for yourself."
Marge Simpson: "...I'm gay?!"
Homer Simpson: "Woo hoo!"
"Dad, those kids aren't dumb. This show just perpetuates the stereotype that all yokels are hicks!", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Listen, do you know this man?"
"Mom, I want to honor Bleeding Gums' memory, but I don't know where to start." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Look boy, nobody knows better than me that you're a lost cause. But the school's paying for five sessions and there's a Chinese restaurant next door where I can get drunk." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Hey, kids!"
"Here's Lisa! She'll save the party! Honey, sit down... have a big slice of cake!", Marge Simpson said.
"Uh oh.", Homer Simpson answered.
"A second grade sorceress so powerful, she made tonight's refreshments out of dead people." Seymour Skinner said.
"Teachers union won the right in their last strike." Bart Simpson replied.
"I didn't mean to! Look!" Homer Simpson responded.
"A lady motorcycle driver?! What is this, the Twilight Zone?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Who are all these oddballs?" Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "LISA SIMPSON SUPERSTAR!"
Bart Simpson replied: "BUT NOW I'VE CHANGED / YOU CAN'T DE-NY / COME ON UP AND / TES-TI-FY!"
Marge Simpson answered "Okay, you can help us."
Lisa Simpson replied "Co-President? Are you crazy?"
"Well, we could just sabotage her diorama, humiliating her in front of the students and faculty." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Eh."
Ned Flanders responded "Wait a second. You're the man at the hospital who reads to sick children."
"Oh, so you're ashamed of us. Well, you've turned into a big phony." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "Before I go to camp, I'll need boosters for malaria, German Measles, encephalitis, Hansen's disease..."
Homer Simpson responded: "What is it, boy?"
"I won't forget who mocked me! I'm taking your picture!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Me! / I would! /", Lisa Simpson replied.
"I forgot my float!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "He says what we're all thinking."
Moe Szyslak: "Sorry, Homer."
"Well, you've won this round Simpson, but I'll grind you into the earth like a bug!", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Ode to Lisa: Pointy-headed mini-muse. / More friend than I deserved. / You pulled me from the dirt / and made me the beautiful flower that I am.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"Dad, thanks to television, I can't remember what happened eight minutes ago.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Dirt nap, eh? Hm..."
Marge Simpson answered: "Did you have a hard day too?"
"Yes!" Bart Simpson replied.
"Sure... why not? It'll be fun.", Bart Simpson said.
"Hold your heads up high, kids.", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded "Excuse me. Excuse me. He was addressing me."
Homer Simpson replied: "Hey, fellas! I'm back."
Lisa Simpson answered: "We are best friends, Mom. But I'm a kid. I need friends my own age, too."
"Look at my babies. This tomato will be Heinz ketchup. And this to-mah-to will be Hunt's catsup." Homer Simpson said.
"With tax or without?" Lisa Simpson said.
"But Marge, that little guy hasn't done anything yet." Homer Simpson answered.
"Um... Do you have time to look at a few other leaks, faulty wires and dangerous mold conditions?" Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "No. I'm saying you're wasting everyone's time. But it's a church thing, so that's a given."
"Flanders? What are you doing here?", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "Who am I kidding? I'm not enjoying this -- even the foam tastes like nothing. I'm calling Homer."
"You throw da can away...", Homer Simpson answered.
"You know that feeling you get when a thousand knives of fire are stabbing you in the heart? I've got that right now. Ooh... bacon!", Homer Simpson answered.
"How'd you know he's a vampire?", Marge Simpson answered.
"Well, Lisa's going to be here in five minutes, and the only kid who showed up is Gus Frickin' Huebner!", Homer Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders responded: "Diddily."
"I'll do four." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "Dad, a mother giraffe is giving birth!"
Lisa Simpson said "Beauty is all around us, and not just in pageants and parlors. You can find it in the swirl of galaxies or the swirl in the center of a sunflower..."
"I thought maybe you...", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Pedal cars su-uck!"
"Shh. I don't want people to see us looking at these books." Marge Simpson replied.
"Plants, eh?", Homer Simpson answered.
"No, I think they're protesters.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Dad, look, a corn maze!", Bart Simpson replied.
"Oh, Homie.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Uh-oh..."
"UNLESS THE CAPTAIN IS ATTENTIVE / WE'LL ALL BE CRUSHED BY A HUGE WAVE..." Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "Join us, Father."
"Hmmm, I feel that way about your father.", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "I may have the looks, but he's the trophy husband."
Bart Simpson: "Why?"
Homer Simpson answered "You're almost there."
"Not I.D., Dad. Id. It's a word.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Okay, boy, I want you to keep this exercise thing under your hat. That way I won't be embarrassed if I fail.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Wait, I'm shooting at Nazis? That's not how I remember it." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Bart Simpson said: "MOM WAS RIGHT, YOUR SINGING'S A SIN / YOU'RE AS LES MISERABLES / AS LEE MAR-VIN!"
"Yes, Chief Wiggum." Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "Is not."
"Do you really need the boy's help to make a baby? Just do a little of the bunga-bunga, and the hotsie-potsie, and the bop-bada-bop-bada-bop.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Bingo!" Homer Simpson replied.
"The first thing you learn about surviving in the woods, boy: Conceal your nakedness.", Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak responded: "They're here! The monsters are here!"
Seymour Skinner answered "Now wait just a minute. That wasn't discussed with me."
"Look what he did to my best friend!", Bart Simpson said.
"Eh, well, that's what I do. Sorry, but there ain't no off switch for this." Moe Szyslak answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "No, that was about the budget gap. This is the trading gap."
"Wow, you look really hungover, Dad. What did you do last night?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Yo, teachwads! The Brotherhood of the Spectacles has taken over the school!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "So, Bart, will you be joining me in the bucolic splendor of Kamp Krusty?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Do not worry. I am working."
"Best Thanksgiving ever, eh boy?" Bart Simpson responded.
"Brothers, I've learned a wonderful lesson. Helping others makes our own lives better and makes us better people. So instead of just shooting pool and drinking beer, let us Stonecutters use what we have to help the less fortunate." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "See Bart, I told you things could be worse."
"We could?", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "Then the prince and the princess got married and lived happily ever after."
Bart Simpson answered "I gotta admit, Homer. You're taking this pretty well."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Well, I haven't won yet--"
Bart Simpson responded "Mrs. Krabappel, I am insulted. Is this a book report or a witch hunt?"
"That's the beauty part. Every cop in town's gonna be on the Police Department's Moonlight Charity Cruise. And I'm gonna be right there with 'em." Moe Szyslak responded.
"You took a picture of me when I was asleep?", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Noooooooo!"
"Hey, shut up, boy." Homer Simpson replied.
"Steal my plant will you? By the time you wake up, you'll be walled inside my mausoleum forever!", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Uh-huh. So, ah, where might this sea be located?" Moe Szyslak replied.
"I got a very thoughtless birthday present from someone who shall remain nameless." Marge Simpson said.
"Oh. Well, thanks for your time." Homer Simpson answered.
"She wasn't a slave owner! Our family was on the Underground Railroad!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Is that the cat in there?!", Marge Simpson responded.
"Plane tickets!" Bart Simpson replied.
"And what are you charging for this free weekend?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Yep, that professor couldn't keep me and Marge apart.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Uh, Mom?"
Marge Simpson replied: "Actually, she was singing about God."
Lisa Simpson responded: "You know, when I'm sad, I read something beautiful and true: poetry."
Marge Simpson replied: "Excuse me, has anyone seen my toy?"
Seymour Skinner said: "There is limited room on the submarine, so only the best-behaved students...as determined by me...will go on the trip."
"Bart! You promised you'd stop making that comparison.", Homer Simpson replied.
"And his own car? That's Ned Flanders." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Uh, no thanks."
"You know, you're not helping.", Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner replied: "The winner is Bart Simpson!"
Bart Simpson: "Grampa? Grampa?"
Marge Simpson: "What are you talking about?"
Marge Simpson: "It's Vincent Price! I thought he was dead."
"Ech, I'm tired of being an issue, Bart. Maybe everyone would be better off if I just quit." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Are you sure? Maybe it's just shampoo. That washes right out." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Like what?"
Homer Simpson replied "I was so depressed, I spent all my time in a bar."
Homer Simpson responded: "Sorry."
"Okay, so which one of these losers is Milhouse's Uncle Norbert?" Bart Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner said "Attention hemline and midriff monitors --"
"The cold, hard process of elimination places the 'H' squarely in your locker!", Seymour Skinner answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "What's with the candles?"
"And they also gave me an alcohol detox." Homer Simpson said.
"Dad, I'm gonna need some help getting this off." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Patty, it's not what you think. Veronica is a man!", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Uggh..."
"So you don't miss that politics lady at all?" Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "But... isn't it? I mean, confidence building can't replace real learning!"
"Ooh, I forgot crotch grabbing. That'll be the sun." Homer Simpson said.
"Devil be gone!" Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "They said their insurance won't cover you."
"It is not Ralph.", Bart Simpson replied.
"You could deliver newspapers." Lisa Simpson said.
"The what now?" Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "And Major Marge!"
"Now you two play nice!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Let's have a minute of silent prayer for our good friend Homer Simpson.", Moe Szyslak said.
Moe Szyslak answered: "What's the matter, Declan? Did a cop give ya a ticket for talkin' like a fruit?"
"Feel your heart pumping a mile a minute? That's what my heart's doing all the time. Bet your left arm's tingling too, huh?" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Hello? Anyone home?"
Bart Simpson said: "I guess you love dad."
Homer Simpson responded "Just for twenty-five years."
"You are unique, you are special, and at some point that's gonna come together and work for you. I know it.", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "So you see, we can't let Jailbird fry."
Homer Simpson replied: "Judge a pig competition?... But I'm no super-genius! Or are I?"
Homer Simpson answered "Wow, I gotta start going to church."
Bart Simpson: "I can't wait to use our new Krusty the Clown tea service!"
"You both toilet-trained?", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "Oh, look at their guts."
Homer Simpson said: "Marge, please. Old people don't need companionship. They need to be isolated and studied, so it can be determined what nutrients they have that might be extracted for our personal use."
"You know what happens. They find Captain Kook's treasure, all the elves dance around like little green idiots, I puke, the end." Bart Simpson responded.
"What's going on up there?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Homer.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "I'm going to the successful ladies room!"
"The truth must be told.", Lisa Simpson said.
"No problem, Lord. And it would be even easier to avoid that temptation if I had a few extra wives.", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "I mean the point guard."
Homer Simpson responded "Forget it. You're not the only foundation guy in town!"
Homer Simpson said "Really? Well, that's great, Dad. How can I ever repay you?"
"Not any more...", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "Suit yourself. We all rubbed it with boogers."
Bart Simpson: "Lisa is a dork. Lisa is a dork."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Um... maybe Mom's the way to go."
"You wanna suck some Squishee?" Bart Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner said "Listen to your mother, Lisa. I owe everything I have to my mother's watchful eye... and swift hand."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Dad, it's a tobacco company. They make billions off the suffering and deaths of others."
"Who is it?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Eenie meenie minee moe, catch a tiger by the toe, if he hollers let him go... Eenie meenie minee... Moe."
"Unplugged.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Well, we had fun too. Right now, Bart is modeling his new clothes for his friends.", Marge Simpson responded.
"These are really good scissors.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "That's stupid. You talk like you're smart, but you're stupid."
Homer Simpson said "Five, four, three, two, one, lift-off!"
"A MOCKINGBIRD WITHOUT A SONG..." Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "Oh sure. I mean, not on your father's salary, but I could... give piano lessons."
"Can't help ya.", Bart Simpson answered.
"The answer is no." Marge Simpson responded.
"Standing up for yourself to an older boy? We're gonna have to set up an appointment with your parents.", Seymour Skinner replied.
"You know, I really don't care for that code name." Marge Simpson replied.
"He looks like an ordinary... ow! Son of a--!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Hey, Mom, can we go see Dad put out the fire?" Bart Simpson responded.
"So... what do you think of today's popular music scene?", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Marge Simpson said: "Now, move it!"
Homer Simpson: "Your thoughts should stay in your head! Heh, heh, I sure told him. Now, what am I gonna do about Marge?"
Bart Simpson replied "Here's Springfield as it appears from space. Somewhere in this windy valley is the Lost Dutchman's Mine."
"Iddily-iddily-iddily-iddily-iddily-iddily-iddily...", Ned Flanders replied.
"Or a spaghetti dinner...with the Van Houtens." Seymour Skinner answered.
"Tomorrow night!? Friday!? Pork chop night!? Marge, we haven't missed pork chop night since the great pig scare in '87." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "You didn't do anything."
Homer Simpson: "Bless you boys."
Ned Flanders said: "Oh, I'm afraid my Maudie's putting plastic on the clouds now."
"Hey, so are the Grammy judges. --" Homer Simpson said.
"Absolutely. We're talking about Lisa, right?", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Oh, I like food all right."
"Can he get a duck?", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "No, you don't understand. I really tried this time. I really tried."
Homer Simpson said "Marge?"
"Bart, let's stop this stupid rivalry. Even if you never become a great sorcerer, you're still an okay brother." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "It was either kill him or kill no one!"
Marge Simpson responded "That's nice. Do you think you could loosen my cuffs?"
Seymour Skinner replied: "No. Mmm... careful now...ooh... gee that one grazed my ear..."
"Okay, okay! Don't know why I had 'em in the first place.", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Well, look at that. But who called the police?", Homer Simpson said.
"Hmm... needs beer.", Homer Simpson said.
"That was a mirror!" Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "Wow! He should have his foot insured by Lloyds of London!"
Homer Simpson replied "Heh-heh... mule."
Marge Simpson responded: "I give up!"
Ned Flanders responded: "And after I created my fingers to the bone for you I... My unicorn! Oh, what have they done to you, Gary?"
Marge Simpson responded "Oh no. Oh no. Why would it be? I love you and I love gay marriage, so I'd be a super-hypocrite if I didn't love your gay marriage. Right?"
Bart Simpson replied: "Well, there's Krusty, Itchy, Scratchy, Poochie, America's firefighters and then you, Dad."
Homer Simpson: "Good morning, everybody!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Sorry."
Homer Simpson said "Yeah, and I'm a size four."
"Oh, well thank you Homer. But take one of the kids." Marge Simpson said.
"Uh, listen there, Midge. I know how to get youse outta your contract. But I gotta warn ya..." Moe Szyslak said.
Bart Simpson responded "Thanks, Bob."
"That's lettuce caught in a spider's web." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Suckers!"
Homer Simpson said: "Really?"
Homer Simpson answered: "That's okay. I'll just push the button for the stimulator, I mean elevator."
"O-kay, here we go...", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "The end."
Lisa Simpson said "Duh! A challenge I could do."
"Homer, sitting that close to the TV can't be good for you.", Marge Simpson said.
"Bart! Why is the Dad I always wished for creeping me out?" Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Oh, Homie. Look at that watch. I've always wanted a watch like that."
Homer Simpson replied "Tick tock, sweetie."
"It's like a Thomas The Tank Engine we can go inside!" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Wow. Chocolate -- half price!"
"Like a hose, your wrinkled highness.", Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "Now you're the good cop."
"No, you weren't.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Our journey begins here at the library.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Now, we'd like to play a Jimmy Buffet song, but he un-coolly charges people to cover them. So here's a Cap'n Bart original. WASTED ONCE MORE IN DAQUIRITAVILLE...", Bart Simpson replied.
"Gotcha." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Ooh, look a bird."
Lisa Simpson responded "Wow, Mom. That's very profound."
"Yeah, I never went to college.", Homer Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders said: "You've been with a lot of men, but I forgive you!"
Marge Simpson answered "Homer? Could you please turn down those blimp engines and tell me where you are?"
"The bass guitar? This doesn't really seem like... you.", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "No. I was being sincere."
"I just blew my first chance at true love.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "With pleasure."
Homer Simpson answered: "Why you little..."
"I do, I do!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Nobody talks to me that way! I'm Homer Simpson! The most powerful food critic in town, who will never get his comeuppance! You hear me? No comeuppance! We'll be right back."
Homer Simpson answered "Stanford."
Moe Szyslak replied "Tax hike?! Hold the phone, Mabel!"
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Well, let's decorate him then."
"Moe, you're a published author!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Ah, Superintendent Chalmers, welcome. I hope you're prepared for an unforgettable luncheon.", Seymour Skinner answered.
Marge Simpson answered "No dating."
Marge Simpson replied "Well, I'll be in the kitchen if you need me."
"Wait a minute. That gold-colored substance in the riverbed..." Seymour Skinner said.
Lisa Simpson said: "Larry, what sub-genre of jazz do you like? Fusion? Neo-bop?"
Homer Simpson responded: "I got the groceries!"
"Or would I?", Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner said: "Ah... Bart, I hate to pull you away from your daily exercise, but ... well..."
"Wow." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "Where is it, man?"
"David.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Oh yes he is! Yes he is!" Marge Simpson responded.
"From now on, my only ambition is to be the world's greatest Dad." Homer Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Brilliant! We lost sixty million dollars and they're cheering for more!"
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Or gape in terror at Almighty God's whoopsy-daisies...the Freaks!"
"Hey, that's what I do in my room, 'Lis. I squeak my chair." Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "Hot! Hot! Hot!"
Marge Simpson answered "Homer, that's awful!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Absolutely not! My adult frame is simply too large. No! Never! Fine! Here I come!"
"You remember the rules from last year?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Ah... about twenty three minutes and five seconds.", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "Oh, Homer."
Homer Simpson responded: "Bart? Where are you, Bart?"
"Jealous? Me?! That is to laugh! The very idea... if anything you're the one who's jealous!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Uh, he's just faking loss of vitality, Reverend." Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Homie..."
"What am I going to do? I've murdered us all.", Homer Simpson said.
"As always, I have some ideas." Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered: "No, not cool! We have to do the right thing, and come clean! Listen, world! We killed Martin Prince!"
"Oh, that reminds me of a funny apron I saw...", Marge Simpson responded.
"It's been another eight years, and what do I have? Same job, same house, same dirty joke book..." Homer Simpson said.
"I'll do anything you say! Anything!" Moe Szyslak said.
Marge Simpson: "Becky's going to seduce Homer?"
Lisa Simpson replied: "Uh, maybe I need to talk to somebody with a little more age and wisdom."
Lisa Simpson answered: "I'm gonna get a snack and maybe go to the bathroom."
"I don't know. I kept away from Maggie all day." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "But think of the scandal."
Lisa Simpson answered "Wait! Haven't you learned a lesson here? Over-fishing and greed have brought this town nothing but rack and ruin."
Bart Simpson responded: "Why am I having nightmares? I'm no coward."
"Soon enough.", Ned Flanders responded.
"What is that, a quarter?" Bart Simpson said.
"Sey-mour..." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Ah, young love."
"Um, what do I do in case of fire?", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "Ooo, date night! I'll go change my bra!"
"Oh, that's wonderful!" Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Ohh, this isn't fun... Maybe if you didn't go to the bathroom so much, you wouldn't be so small."
Homer Simpson responded "Helen, as a responsible parent, I was already well aware of that."
Marge Simpson replied: "I'm too nervous to sleep."
"Well, I'm still gonna run!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "In a way. But I also remembered some other stuff... like my bike that was stolen in third grade. Plus the baldness."
Bart Simpson answered "Well, he shouldn't kill birds. It's not right!"
Homer Simpson responded "And I want to let you!!"
Marge Simpson answered "Maybe people don't want an eight-year-old babysitter, honey. Parents need to be sure their sitter can handle anything that might happen. That's why they hire teenagers."
Ned Flanders answered: "You ugly, hate-filled man."
Bart Simpson responded: "Look, here's the box for my Pitchback. If I still had it, I could put it in here."
"No, no, your jobs are safe. They'll just be done by someone else in another country." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Moe Szyslak responded "...like a whole lotta money!"
"Bart?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Gotcha."
Lisa Simpson: "There's no Councilman Les Wynan."
Seymour Skinner responded "So Patty, tell me more about your trip to Egypt."
"Okay... activate my level seven power stones... wield the orb of oblivion... And zap!" Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh, so now it's we, eh.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "Carpool, Nelson!"
Marge Simpson replied: "That was yesterday."
"Mom, please tell me I can go to Hell.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Run!"
"Here you go.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Bart?"
"Well, where do you think we are?", Bart Simpson replied.
"No, no, and double-no! I haven't done any of those things, folks. You name it, I haven't done it!" Ned Flanders said.
"You mean I danced all by myself?" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Willie, I love your chaps.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Marge, we can't be too careful. There are thieves everywhere, and I'm not talking about the small, forgivable stuff." Homer Simpson said.
"A beached whale.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"I don't know, it's awfully expensive to fly to Brazil." Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Yes. He can take a simple, everyday thing like eating a bicycle and make it funny."
"Well duh! He's breathtaking, but Bart has inner beauty... like you'd find in a rodent.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Marge, this time I'm going to give you the wedding you deserve. Let's get out of here!"
"If Bart stays home, I'm going to school.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Herman, your beef is with me. Leave the girl out of this."
"He's taking the elephant instead of the money.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Seventy-six point two?! But I'm already thirty-eight point one! I've wasted half my life!"
"No, he hasn't. He's more the same than ever. And I know where the evidence is. There's only one place it could possibly be." Bart Simpson replied.
"... and our beautiful baby. My daughter, Lisa -- I.Q. 156." Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak responded: "All right, but I get to poke you with a stick."
"Maggie, I'm trying to watch TV. Put that moldy old bear down.", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Why aren't I going to Oslo? The Nobel Prizes are my freakin' thing! But no -- Bart gets everything because he's the oldest and he's a boy. And Maggie gets what's ever left over because she's the youngest and she's a baby. Meanwhile, I'll just stand and wave to people going to better places."
Homer Simpson responded "Heh-heh, good one, Krusty."
"Wait... I finally get what you're saying. Fracking is great. But the only place it should ever happen is in other people's towns!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Ooh!"
"Simpson! Let's move on now, Mother, shall we?" Seymour Skinner answered.
"Ew, your arm! It's got extra corners!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Hey, the dog smells something!", Marge Simpson answered.
"No, the stupidest thing would be doing it backwards.", Bart Simpson answered.
"I love kissing you. I never want to knock it off." Homer Simpson answered.
"That thing got picture-in-picture?" Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "Suckers."
Homer Simpson answered: "Hey, no pain, no gain."
Marge Simpson responded: "The furnace?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Look, honey, I clipped on my tie all by myself."
Bart Simpson responded "... shake hands?... stay!"
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Put my hand on her knee."
Homer Simpson replied: "--alia! America, Australia, Ameri-- ow!"
"Huh?", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Oh, thank God. It's only Grampa."
Homer Simpson said: "Bart, go to your room!"
"Grampa?" Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "It's not fair. Your father always gets to have such exciting adventures. Maybe it's time we took a walk on the wild side..."
Bart Simpson said "Hey Ma, our crap shack's going to hell."
Homer Simpson responded: "People called him the sixth Simpson. Not sure why."
Homer Simpson answered "I can't let the boy see me skipping work."
Bart Simpson said: "Hey Lis."
"These have pleats..." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Hey, what's the matter, son?"
"No problem." Homer Simpson said.
"Um, I'm sorry, the car did not meet my eco-concerns. Can I have my prize now?", Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner replied "See you again?"
"I'll tell you when we get there. Go back to your smell game." Homer Simpson replied.
"The first part is always green, but it turns red.", Moe Szyslak said.
"Relax, Homer, I keep tellin' ya, you're my guest." Ned Flanders said.
Seymour Skinner replied: "And when you're done, here are the keys to your new shack."
Homer Simpson answered "This yolk-separating camera-hog was supposed to call you and say happy birthday! From her show!"
"I'll take that as a compliment. So, will you go out with me? Please say oui.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "My tattered rags are caught on your coffee table."
"Chosen for what, oh mighty gherkin?" Homer Simpson replied.
"I mean the one at the house." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Stupid ice. I always knew I would die caked in something."
"Marge, I've got to get her a pony. When I look in Lisa's eyes, I don't see love anymore.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "Look, I want a cup."
"Woo hoo! We can gamble!", Homer Simpson said.
"Yeah, I'm bored too." Lisa Simpson responded.
"C'mon, Apu. Make your move." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Yes!"
"Why didn't you call me?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Whuh?" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "I'll teach you to beat up yester-me!"
C. Montgomery Burns: "Nuclear power. I make money using my brain... not sticking a pole in the ground and praying for goo."
Seymour Skinner responded "Hmf. All right, if you're so smart, tell me who I selected to be lunch room monitor."
"Oh, Flanders, I promise I'll never abuse our friendship again.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "Great gig."
"Look, this church is our only option. Don't you kids want to live here?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Make it, make it, make it, make it." Homer Simpson replied.
"A lot of you would think I was crazy if I did this." Homer Simpson responded.
"Ralph, I will play you for that card." Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "Heel -- toe. Heel -- toe. Heel -- toe."
"Can't they get a pole for that sign?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "It's kinder never to tell them."
"What's my name?! What color is the sky?! What of donuts? WHAT?! For the love of God, tell meeeee!!!", Homer Simpson replied.
"No! No, I was talkin' to Lisa back there, we both agreed you killed.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "SO I THREW YOU A FANCY BANQUET / AND NOW YOU CAN'T STAY MAD / HOW 'BOUT A MAKE-UP SNUGGLE? / IT WOULD BE SO RAD."
"All right. I'll do it for you.", Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "Hey!"
Bart Simpson answered "Mom, this is for you: 15 pounds of"
Seymour Skinner answered "Now, really I hardly think the children's appearance should --"
Marge Simpson answered: "Dr. Hibbert."
"Look at the bright side, Marge. When I die, you can mourn me from the bathroom. That's multi-tasking.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered "Well, surely there's room in this town for two well-meaning juvenile associations."
Homer Simpson said "You did it, baby. You promised no fun and you delivered."
"Okay, I've set my trap. Now to scatter my cheese cubes and the rats will come. Condos! Affordable condos! Bail-jumpers welcome!", Homer Simpson responded.
"I never stopped telling you." Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "This horse is pretty fast. Maybe we can race him."
"That's ridiculous. If I had set up those dominoes, I'd be wearing my special domino-setting up kneepads.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "Well said! If we all stand together, Nelson's helpless. Hell no, we won't show! Hell no, we won't show!"
"Don't leave me hangin', Greenspan.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Madre de Dios! The legends were true!", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Run!"
"Bart, what are you doing in my room?", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Oh, forget it. Bart, don't waste your money on me.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Don't worry -- Ray'll be back any minute."
"Let's try some oil of Lorenzo. And, uh, what's keeping Joan Rivers alive?" Homer Simpson responded.
"If it's important, they'll call back.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "What's your problem?"
Homer Simpson replied "No talking."
"I'm trying, Mother. It's hard!" Seymour Skinner said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Oh, yeah? We'll just see about that."
Seymour Skinner responded: "Lisa, because of your outstanding score on yesterday's big test, you're being immediately moved up to... the third grade!"
Seymour Skinner answered "Uh, over here."
"How about Benihana, where dinner is the show?", Homer Simpson said.
"Lisa! I am nice.", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "And a bottle of aspirin, please."
"Is he gonna be okay?", Homer Simpson said.
"All right, all right.", Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson: "Get your own family, Moe."
Moe Szyslak said: "That's okay, I was just thinking about Sybil Danning."
Marge Simpson answered "Of course you do. Dylan's a... Hm... let me check the invitation..."
Homer Simpson: "Not real."
Ned Flanders replied: "Oh, Homer, be reasonable."
Homer Simpson answered: "Who wants feet steak?"
"That quick talking is never a good sign." Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "You're right."
Homer Simpson said: "Marge have you seen my lunch box?"
"I'm on my way!", Homer Simpson answered.
"But the avatar looks just like you!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Saturday night? I'm not even sure my sisters will be available.", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "Yeah, he was a great dog."
Homer Simpson responded: "Hm, the water's off. I'll use my eye to see what the trouble is."
Bart Simpson: "Sorry, Ralph."
Homer Simpson responded "Homer Sim-- Uh, Max Power."
Homer Simpson responded "Dohhh! Sauce, cheese, topping!"
Marge Simpson answered "I'll play it later."
Homer Simpson responded: "Hey, hey, stop it!"
"Hey, Dad, gimme fifty bucks. I gotta buy some things. Uh, better make it a hundred.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Okay, okay. I'll be nicer to the dude. I've just never really been a dog person."
"Can you still see the ball, Bart?" Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Maybe. I don't watch him every minute. But what I am sure of is, we're getting cable for free."
Marge Simpson responded "I can't excape Lisa, our little walking libary!"
"Wow, I can't believe I'm here. The place where magic is made." Moe Szyslak responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "Maggie!"
"Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you! You wonderful man!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Any suggestions?", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Yeah, so, uh, I'm going out to rehearse... the revue.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Aw, what do you know?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "I can explain, Marge! Please let me explain! Oh, why won't you let me explain!!!"
Homer Simpson said: "Oh ohhhh boy, oh oh oh oh boy, oh boy."
"Ooo, classy." Homer Simpson responded.
"Now if you want to be the life of the party like Lenny here, just place your order for this hilarious novelty item." Homer Simpson replied.
"Take your time!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "I don't know, Marge. Trying is the first step toward failure."
Homer Simpson responded "Daddy."
Homer Simpson: "No problem."
C. Montgomery Burns: "Number one, the Kingston Trio. Number two..."
Homer Simpson said "The Rememberererer?"
"Can you paint me knocking out Larry Holmes?", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "My pockets hurt."
"The pig is in the poke." Homer Simpson answered.
"Okay, Stupid Flanders, first I want you to kill that guy at the ice cream parlor who gave Homer Simpson a cone that had a little air in it.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Yes. I am in flavor country."
Lisa Simpson responded: "I'm gonna get real help. Just try to keep her wet."
"I didn't think it would ever come, but it did!" Bart Simpson said.
"Where'd he go?", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "I've got to keep trying! Or I could just move that picture. No! The picture looked good where it was. Boy, drag me back outside."
"Okay, sweetie, open those baby blacks!" Homer Simpson responded.
"How can you write such horrible things about me?", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "That doesn't sound like me. Well, I suppose if this doesn't work out you can always go back to the plant."
Lisa Simpson responded "I did."
"They're passes to a test screening of a new movie starring Mel Gibson!", Marge Simpson answered.
"I'm gonna swim nekkid.", Bart Simpson said.
"We're out of milk.", Bart Simpson replied.
"I'm missing the Cook-Off! It's going on right now and I'm missin' it!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Lemme just finish this last lobster tail and raspberry torte."
"Take us out first! Anyone can start a family! These days, no one can find a job!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Up-up-up-up. Don't answer me now. Relax, talk it over with the missus, soak in the opulence of your surroundings and dream of what might be. Smithers, let's go powder my nose."
"That's odd -- there doesn't seem to be anyone here." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "You mean I get 5% off on everything in the store just because I look like... I mean, just because I am Krusty the clown?"
"Hey, hey, hey!", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "I'm dead."
Homer Simpson replied "But I want to go."
"Kids? Kids?", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "You're right, I am. Help me, Marge. What do I do to be a good guy?"
"That is so cool. Bart, open the door.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "No! My friends! Stop!"
Marge Simpson responded: "Uh-oh. Almost forgot to lock the doors."
"Yeah. After you were so mean to us.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Oh. See, here's the problem, Ralph. You have several threes." Bart Simpson replied.
"Gimme a beer and a shot of whiskey!", Homer Simpson answered.
"You're being ridiculous.", Marge Simpson replied.
"I'm glad you're back, Dad. It's hard to sleep with one un-kissed cheek." Lisa Simpson said.
"I'M A WALKIN' DOWN THE STREET, GONNA OPEN MOE'S BAR / I'M A SINGIN' WHAT I'M THINKIN' / HEY, LOOK AT THAT DOG." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded "No, me!"
"Aw, Mom. Can't we just grab a burger and... Only four of us? Who escaped?", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "So thirsty... Eh. What're you gonna do?"
"Uh-oh. There's already an on-set romance." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Sneh."
"I didn't tell you to quit your job." Marge Simpson said.
"You think you're cool because you buy a five hundred dollar phone with a picture of a fruit on it?! Well, guess what? They cost eight bucks to make and I pee on every one!", Bart Simpson said.
"Mm! Shoo! Shoo, fly!" Marge Simpson said.
"Yay!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "Your Dad's McBain?"
"Uh, hello? Why am I Mr. Sparkle?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Boy, when Lisa comes in, I want you to make a big fuss over how she looks.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Woo hoo! Cheap meat!" Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "Look, Janey, cupcakes."
"WHEN I WAS 17.", Homer Simpson said.
"And this Slinky... these things are fun for about two seconds.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"Can we cuddle for a little while?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Did you hear that, Marge? She called me a baboon! The stupidest, ugliest, smelliest ape of them all!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Sorry, Marge. Pinchy got all dirty in the yard chasing birds. But don't worry. I put him in a nice hot bath."
Marge Simpson answered: "Bart, how many hours a day do you watch TV?"
Bart Simpson replied: "I'm a latchkey kid."
Homer Simpson replied: "Hmm... Back yard, back yard, toilet, ocean, don't know, back yard, Flanders' mailbox, Lenny's freezer, tire fire."
"Well, you could give them healthier snacks... theme days...", Marge Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "You're not as stupid as you look... or sound... or our best testing indicates."
Marge Simpson responded: "I wish I'd married Lenny and his friend!"
"Wow. Now that I know all this, isn't there any way to change the future?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Take it outside, Simpson. I'm male modeling." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Wrinkly gibberish?" Bart Simpson responded.
"That does it. Children, get dressed. We're leaving." Marge Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Nice one, Homer."
Marge Simpson replied "Homie, wake up."
Moe Szyslak said "Ahh! How did I lose my passion for the job? When I was in bartending school, I thought I had the world by the jigger."
Homer Simpson responded "Hmmm, I can feel three kinds of softness."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Bart, what are you doing up here? Everybody's worried."
Lisa Simpson: "Your sax! Thank you so much!"
"Why hasn't anyone called?", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Now, I appreciate that, honey, but we need one hundred and fifty dollars here."
Moe Szyslak said "Let us through!"
Marge Simpson: "Let's do it, Homer!"
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Then what happened?"
"Mom! Lisa's growing!" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Uh... you know it's a boat, right?"
Homer Simpson said "Hm..."
Bart Simpson responded "There comes a time to beat the crap out of childish things!"
"Keep my tail right here in this jar.", Moe Szyslak said.
"People, people, no rough-housing on the monkey bars. You there, tuck in your shirt. Watch it, I saw that.", Seymour Skinner responded.
Homer Simpson said "And I'm starting right now. No more lousy pajamas!"
"Ooh, a salute to brunch! Wave to brunch, Maggie!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "Homer, our house is on fire! Help me save the children!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Son, menopause is when the stork that brings babies gets shot by drunken hunters."
Homer Simpson: "The World's Best Jacket! If I had this it would show everybody... show everybody!"
Homer Simpson said: "It's for you, Marge. From merry old England."
Homer Simpson answered "Oh. That guy."
"Leave me alone!", Homer Simpson said.
"Yep. Our family is as functional as all get out." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Where'd you get that dress?"
Marge Simpson said: "Homer, I'd like you to forgive me for doing the right thing."
Lisa Simpson: "What happened with the E.M.P.?"
Marge Simpson said: "Surprise! I redecorated!"
"You've been drinking today, haven't you?" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Do they do any other tricks?"
"I just want you to know that I love you, Dad." Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, gimme a break, Marge." Homer Simpson responded.
"Dear Lord, please make Homer's blows precise and deadly with a minimum of pain. Oh, and forgive me for those impure thoughts I had about the girl on the raisin box.", Ned Flanders said.
Homer Simpson replied "That could be Lisa!"
Marge Simpson replied "But breaking your jaw has made you so sweet. Maybe we can go."
Homer Simpson said "Dude..."
Bart Simpson said "Looking for something?"
"I retract my statement.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Continue the research.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Here's our house... a rainbow... a white hand shaking a black hand...", Ned Flanders responded.
"Here, let me wrap this wet towel around your head to cool you off.", Ned Flanders said.
"Can we at least get some French fries?", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Fox had an endless supply of clever slogans, man."
"That's right, Mister Tough Guy can't handle a little penicillin. Oh, and look at this. We can't even pay our bills and they're drinking Royal Crown Cola." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "C'mon, man. At least listen to what I have to say."
Homer Simpson answered "Wait! I haven't chosen my mix-in!"
Marge Simpson answered: "Homer, send these people home. This housewarming party's been going on for two days."
Homer Simpson said "You? Don't make me laugh! You couldn't--"
Homer Simpson answered "What... But... Marge, it's broad daylight and there's cops everywhere!"
"Why is the TV back on? What happened to the videogame?", Lisa Simpson said.
"This doesn't look easy, but I'll bet it is." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "I did."
Homer Simpson responded: "Here it comes..."
"Get what?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Homer! You have to stop dropping your pants for everyone who claims they're a doctor!", Marge Simpson said.
"Today was fun.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "What's the matter, boy?"
"Geoffrey Chaucer?! What are you doing here?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Dad, are you licking toads?", Bart Simpson said.
"You jumped bail, Homer. I gotta bring you in.", Ned Flanders said.
"They all make good points." Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh Marge, I'm just being polite." Homer Simpson replied.
"TOORA LOORA LOORA" Lisa Simpson replied.
"These stink lines stand for dedication, caring, and for letting me drink coffee in class. Way to go, Edna!" Bart Simpson responded.
"What's the first thing you're gonna make in your new kitchen?" Bart Simpson said.
"So, Mother Simpson, where did your new-found sense of irresponsibility take you?" Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Right after I blow up one thing."
"Well, one of us made some money. I sold a guy our spare tire.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "Where's Maggie?"
Marge Simpson responded "Well, if anyone saves my Homie's life, they get a free meal. Which actually comes up about once a week."
"Well, this story begins in this unforgettable spring of 1983: Ms. Pac-man struck a blow for women's rights... a young Joe Piscopo taught us how to laugh. Before Lisa was born, we lived in a tiny apartment on the Lower East side of Springfield.", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "Rough day, Apu. Pump me a Squishee and don't spare the syrup."
"If you're gonna get snippy, I'll take my business elsewhere." Bart Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak said "Meyerhof lifters..."
"Marge, in a world gone mad, only a lunatic is truly insane.", Homer Simpson said.
"Springfield High football rules!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Well, I gotta hand it to you, Homer. You're really brave to go through with this operation." Moe Szyslak said.
Marge Simpson replied "Homer, you brought us to this horrible place on purpose?"
"Because we send them money?", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Are you ready to laugh?"
"I'm gonna put a spell on you! Yes I am, my tuna-breath familiar.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "That's right. Over the homes of poor people."
"You look at this table and what do you see? Just a table. Now, a creative person, like me, looks at this table and sees all kinds of creative things -- but no tables." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Dance with me, please. I need to zing my sister."
Bart Simpson said "Yeah. Among other things, apes can't get into heaven."
Homer Simpson responded: "Boy, where are my zydeco records?"
"Lisa, Lisa! I think you're right about Dad. Something's very, very wrong here." Bart Simpson said.
"Quiet, the commercial's on! If we don't watch these, it's like we're stealing TV.", Homer Simpson said.
"But why, Mr. McGwire?", Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "I'm writing a letter to President Clinton about that travesty of a band contest. As a fellow sax player, I'm sure he'll be outraged."
Homer Simpson responded "Why not?"
Marge Simpson said "Hello? Homer? Where are you? You promised you were going to have a tea party with Maggie."
C. Montgomery Burns said "Well... whatever's easier."
"Okay. You got my attention.", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "THIS PLACE IS A DIAMOND / BUT IT'S TRAPPED IN THE ROUGH"
Lisa Simpson said "Ah, Mortadella!"
"Right away, Mr. Smithers! I'll just walk across these slippery rooooock --" Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Oh, Dad..."
"What's your angle, Mister?" Marge Simpson answered.
"Bart, we'll do anything you want. Just call off your giant mechanical ants!" Seymour Skinner answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "All right, time for a family meeting!"
Lisa Simpson replied "Uncle Sam? Let me play this backwards."
"Precious Venus..." Homer Simpson responded.
"What to do now. Too crazy to go outside, not crazy enough to have imaginary friends." Marge Simpson replied.
"Wow, that's really lazy." Homer Simpson answered.
"Sir, I am in your debt.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"I'd smash 'em all for one lousy beer.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Well, it didn't ride up on no zebra." Moe Szyslak replied.
"It's okay, Marge. They pave the way for this kind of filth in school." Homer Simpson replied.
"What cool kid thing's in here?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Whatever you say, sir." Homer Simpson replied.
"PBS, Stephen Hawking, the fat little Dixie Chick...", Homer Simpson said.
"I... can't... breathe! Too... many... children...!", Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak answered: "Wow, for the first time in my life, someone's taking a genuine interest in what's inside of me. Suddenly, this is my best birthday ever!"
Bart Simpson responded "Oh great, now that Dad's gonna star in it."
Marge Simpson answered: "Yes."
Homer Simpson responded: "Hey! Hello, handsome!"
Bart Simpson: "Really? Wonderful? I just drowned a grasshopper in paint and let him crawl on the paper till he died."
Homer Simpson responded: "I don't have a friend in the world."
"Uh, look, I just wanna ask... can we be friends?", Homer Simpson said.
"I won't let Edna throw her life away for some passionless marriage where two people lie in bed together with no contact, whittling away the batteries until they die." Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said "Two wrongs don't make a right, Bart."
Homer Simpson replied "You're right."
"Do it for an hour, hour and a half.", Lisa Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Oh, hot dog. Thank you for making my last few moments on earth socially awkward."
Homer Simpson replied "I'm sure you will, because you take such good care of your ostriches."
"Goodbye, cruel world! Ladies." Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson answered "So salty... Maybe if I... add a little salt..."
"Marge, I'm gonna build you a spice rack!", Homer Simpson responded.
"The letter doesn't say. But from now on, no peanut products are allowed on school property.", Marge Simpson said.
"Then I'll have the sweet 'n' sour rice." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Heh, heh, it does look like Al Gore."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Well, you practically destroyed their whole world!"
"Mom wants you to come to bed." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Alcoholics, the unemployable, angry loners..."
"Now let's add the rear window defogger!", Homer Simpson said.
"I know, I'll just do like Lisa and escape into fantasy.", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "In honor of legalized gambling, why not go as the state of Nevada?"
Homer Simpson said "For what?"
Homer Simpson replied "Woo hoo! Two dollars! It's working!"
"Lisa, I have to run home. I need you to keep an eye on the dance.", Seymour Skinner replied.
"Now it's headed for the church.", Bart Simpson answered.
"How do you know it's from Mad?" Bart Simpson said.
"Good ol' Larry." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "I see."
Moe Szyslak responded "Okay boys, we're under attack! Let's drive 'em out of town the way we did with the Irish!"
"I promised that bank robber that I'd visit him in jail. But I just can't do it." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Can't, Marge. I'm fighting for my professional life here."
Homer Simpson responded: "It felt like a cluster bomb wiping out a graveyard full of zombies."
Lisa Simpson answered "Ooh, a cupcake!"
"My turn, huh? Let's see..." Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson replied "Well..."
Moe Szyslak answered "Aw, God."
"Bring out your bed! Bring out your bed!", Moe Szyslak answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "INT. LAKESIDE MANSION - KITCHEN - PRESENT - LATER"
"That keeps happening." Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "How veiled?"
"Yeah. I missed her like five times." Homer Simpson said.
"No, sorry." Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh, Santa's got a little trick up his sleeve."
Marge Simpson replied "Is it really necessary to watch TV while we're eating? We're getting food all over."
Lisa Simpson replied: "How?"
Bart Simpson answered "I know I really shouldn't, but when am I going to be here again?"
"...Clark Gable owes me a book. And he never paid me for the shoeshine. But his big blue eyes could melt the butter you kept in your pocket for lunch. Lunch butter we called it.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"I was so close.", Homer Simpson said.
"Well that's great, Homie. Just let me finish uploading this photo.", Marge Simpson responded.
"So!" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "In case you didn't hear me, I said I will never see you as my equal."
Marge Simpson replied: "Kids, we want to talk to you about something."
Bart Simpson: "More asbestos! More asbestos! More asbestos! More asbestos!"
"Concentrate, Homer.", Marge Simpson responded.
"The accounting department is located on the third floor. Its hours are 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. The head of this department is a Mr. Johnson or Johnstone." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Another man... with my wife... in my house... on top of my TV Guide?"
"Hello children! I bring you love!" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"No, you dweeb. It's a stencil. I'm gonna take Homer's ugly face and spread it all over town.", Bart Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak answered "Oh Marge, the most awful thing just happened!"
Homer Simpson answered "Eight fifty-eight. First time I've ever been early for work. Except for all those daylight savings days. Lousy farmers."
"No one." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "...and because you can't strangle a girl."
"I'll be at Moe's." Homer Simpson said.
"Hello, handsome. Nice muscles. Care for a rubdown? Oh-ho, well, I'm flattered, but spoken for. Oh, what the heck, give me your number.", Homer Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders said: "Must... kill... best friend."
Moe Szyslak answered "Run!"
Bart Simpson responded "Bart Simpson, at your service."
"I don't know... I, I hate to change lanes once I get going... that's really for race car drivers.", Marge Simpson said.
"And not a day goes by that we don't thank God for all three of you." Homer Simpson replied.
"Uh-huh." Homer Simpson said.
"Check this out. I'm hiding a bomb in this pile of corpses, so when Kearney loots their ammo, he gets a face full of ass shrapnel.", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Maybe this will take your mind off work."
"Nooo! Not community service -- I can't stand helping others! I just can't!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Homer, these people are professional roasters. Don't give them fodder!", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "All right, Marge. I'll tell you, but first you have to promise you will not get mad."
Homer Simpson answered: "Marge, my ice cream's melting and I haven't finished my brownie!"
Homer Simpson: "Hello, boy."
"It hurts my teeth." Lisa Simpson answered.
"I told that boy a billion times to pick up his jun--", Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Hey, hey, I may be ugly and hate-filled, but I, uh... what was the third thing you said?"
"Bart's absolutely right. This is the one day that shouldn't be about material things." Marge Simpson answered.
"Do you think that's the same Grumple from the ice show? Because I do.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Old Man Flanders!"
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Yes, we're well-protected against every threat, from bomb-toting Bolsheviks, to golden-armed jazzbos."
Homer Simpson said "Well, here we are."
"Give me that! Bart, this is your father. Do you know where the remote is? I looked all over the house.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Glow in the dark monster make-up." Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "Krusty, do you think about your father a lot?"
"Ready!", Homer Simpson responded.
"So, how much are lessons?", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "Only the coolest kid ever could think of that! Good golly, Sven-Golly! You did it!"
Homer Simpson replied: "It is?"
Marge Simpson answered: "I don't know what to say."
C. Montgomery Burns answered "That's my cuddle bear! I loved him, I shot him, he's mine!"
"The food is delicious." Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "I'm used to buying my critters pre-made. How does your store differ?"
"He's either a fifty foot prehistoric ape, or a tourist trap concocted by the ape island jaycees. Either way, we're going ashore." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Because it's terrible for me. But I'll get back to you. Soon.", Seymour Skinner responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "Oh, I didn't think it would be so high... Maybe I could just circulate a petition..."
Homer Simpson answered: "Can't you say something to make me feel better?"
Homer Simpson answered "I'd love to honey, but Daddy has to go to a beer drinking contest today."
"Mom, Lis! Check it out. Dad's on TV.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "My mistake. Stay in the moment."
Lisa Simpson replied "Yayyy!"
Bart Simpson responded: "Of course."
"No, it isn't.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Ow." Homer Simpson said.
"Not you!" Moe Szyslak answered.
Marge Simpson said "C'mon, kids. We're goin' home."
Lisa Simpson answered: "No one can use it but no one gets hurt!"
Homer Simpson said "Yeah stupid, stop thinking about fun and have it!"
"I can't! I can't!" Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Yeah, but I don't feel any better."
Marge Simpson said: "Oh, it's so good to meet the octuplets' octuplets."
"Please, Dad. If you let Otto stay, he'll help around the house, and chip in a few bucks whenever he can." Bart Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak said: "Tell me you still work, Love Tester!"
"Like an angel." Marge Simpson answered.
"Maybe I should just be alone a little bit." Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Oh, thank you, thank you!"
Bart Simpson replied "Hit me again, 'Pu."
"Julia, wait!", Homer Simpson replied.
"At least I had a couple sips from your coke when you went to the bathroom." Moe Szyslak responded.
"Bart, water will only go the other way in the Southern Hemisphere." Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "I think it's time for us to go home."
"Then get me his non-union Mexican equivalent.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"That's ridiculous. Homer's not dead, he's right out back in the hammock." Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "Oh, Homie, I like your in-your-face humanity. I like the way Lisa speaks her mind. I like Bart's... I like Bart. And I like my old green dress. I didn't have to spend our savings on this stupid gown."
Homer Simpson responded "I'll be right back. Now keep your eyes peeled for a real cop."
Homer Simpson responded "Hey! This marriage is gonna last forever."
"Thank you for arranging this, Dr. Hibbert." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Oregano, basil, rosemary..."
Seymour Skinner replied "Milhouse, you realize, if you're suspended, you'll be missing... taco Wednesday."
Marge Simpson answered "It's totally unfair for one side to have a professional player."
Homer Simpson answered: "Relax, Marge. I tied up all the loose ends before we left."
"If your father was here, there'd be process servers, repo men, and bounty hunters to beat the band." Marge Simpson answered.
"Well, I got these free tickets to Santa's Village. I know a guy who turns the dead sleigh-horses into jerky and sells it to bars...", Moe Szyslak responded.
"Bart! That Pop Tart wasn't locally farmed or sourced!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "It was just a game. A game I used to enjoy before you mommed all over it."
Moe Szyslak responded "Come on, we've gotta go help Homer!"
Lisa Simpson responded "How come?"
Ned Flanders said "Hey, cool your jets! We're trying to get to sleep!"
Moe Szyslak responded "Hey, if wishes were horses I'd be eatin' wish-meat every night."
"Oh baby!", Bart Simpson said.
"I just want to study.", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "I'm sure he'll offer us a fair reward. And then we'll make him double it."
Moe Szyslak responded "Nah. I want something that says people can have a nice, relaxing time."
Homer Simpson said "Aw..."
"And you're like the father I never visit.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "The Inferno-buster 3000! I knew Santa wouldn't have time to check that list twice."
"All right. Almost done, my little friend. Soon you'll be a nice, cool... RAT?!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Oh, Bart, what's happened to you?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"No thanks -- just here for a battery.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Y'know, son, the day you were born I received the greatest gift a man could have." Homer Simpson replied.
"It's eleven at night and I can't get to sleep!" Lisa Simpson said.
"I'm so glad you like it, Moe." Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "Shut up!"
"You know, I don't believe we've ever been formally introduced. Anyhoo, so I don't commit the deadliest of sins... omission... here's my card." Ned Flanders said.
"That's it, boy! It's time for your bath!" Homer Simpson responded.
"My wig! I mean, my natural hair!" Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, there was a terrible scandal. Lily's family forced her to give you up and bundled her off to a convent in the South Seas. I never heard from her again. But I prattle on -- tell me everything about your life.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Why? Oh why?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Mom, that's blasphemy! I'll say a rosary for you." Bart Simpson answered.
"So, Hugh. Have you heard all the latest American jokes? Uh, here's a good one. Pull my finger." Homer Simpson replied.
"You're right. Put two walnuts in there." Homer Simpson answered.
"I never knew so many women suffered from extramarital jamming.", Marge Simpson replied.
"If God didn't want us to eat in church, he would have made gluttony a sin.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "But Bunkerball is keeping us sane!"
Bart Simpson replied: "Because we're poor?"
"And I promise this rock is gonna weigh you down for the rest of your life.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Moe... Moe... Moe..."
Ned Flanders replied: "I wish we lived in a place more like the America of yesteryear that only exists in the brains of us Republicans."
"I see an opening.", Homer Simpson said.
"Okay, but you don't know what you're missing." Lisa Simpson said.
"This is the worst thing you've ever done." Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "That's it, Bart. You're taking this man-of-the-house thing too far."
"Cut it out, Bart!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Hey there, son!"
Homer Simpson said "In death you saved us all."
"NOOOO!", Marge Simpson answered.
"Yeah, well, I still get to punish you." Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "So, tell me, are all you government inspectors so handsome and strapping?"
Marge Simpson responded: "Oh, my. I've never seen anything like this."
Homer Simpson said: "Your Honor, I've completely disappointed my wife. That's punishment enough. You understand these things, you're a grandmother."
"No, no, Marge. Don't backpedal. You were right the first time. He's perfect. Perfect in every way.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Lumber has a million uses." Homer Simpson said.
"I'm really sorry I hit you, Mr. Burns. Here, let me put some salt on that eye.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "Just do it."
Homer Simpson answered: "Son, I will not stand for intolerance!"
"Son, from now on, I'm eating all my meals here at school -- with you!" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "Oh, right. The sins."
Bart Simpson replied: "I first knew the show was a hit when I walked into school, and a kid was wearing a Bart Simpson T-shirt."
"It was him!" Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "Uh-oh, school bus."
"Do you think it might work without the fork in the eye?", Homer Simpson said.
"You soft-core sophomores took advantage of my trustful nature. And sullied the internet by putting pornography on it!", Ned Flanders replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "Either put that book down or let me drive."
Homer Simpson replied "Where's Marge?"
"Or is it?", Bart Simpson responded.
"No, no, that'll be fine, thank you, goodbye.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Why should--" Homer Simpson answered.
"I said, it's... Ohhh..." Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner replied: "Stop that ball!"
Seymour Skinner said "Muntz, Nelson. You're failing history, geography, and math. But ah, you're doing quite well in Home-Ec."
Homer Simpson replied: "Dan!"
"Hear him out, Marge.", Homer Simpson said.
"Okay, you can park my car, but no joyriding.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Take a hike, Kojak.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Mom, this is really scary. I'm gonna get my first 'F' ever."
"Dr. Hibbert, this is a top-notch resort. Can you recommend some activities?" Marge Simpson answered.
"Let's go get my little girl.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Can I help you?"
Homer Simpson replied "You don't know the half of it."
"Can't you read? Call the police!" Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "I just don't think religion should be taught in our schools, any more than you'd want scientists teaching at the church."
"Parents who are still alive, I might add." Homer Simpson said.
"Look, I know it wasn't our best season." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Ugh! Now I can't remember my combination!"
"I AM HER / SHE IS ME / I'M JUST LIKE / PENELOPE..." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Mr. Burns' reign of terror is over."
"The stomach wants what it wants. I need some air." Homer Simpson responded.
"One more time.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "'Cause there's lots of stuff she doesn't know about."
Homer Simpson answered: "That's my girl. Let the agriculture begin!"
Homer Simpson answered "You know son, I've been doing a lot of thinking. I was wrong to exploit you, and I won't do it again."
Homer Simpson: "But this paper towel feels so good."
Ned Flanders responded "If you need anything, just give a whistle."
"Ocean sex rules! Go to Hell, land sex!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Hm. Clean dishes. I either have to unload them, or, uh..."
"Excuse me, everyone. I'm a mother.", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded: "An illegal download? But Hollywood says stealing from Hollywood is wrong."
"Aw, you're shivering, are you cold? Where you goin', Marge?" Moe Szyslak said.
"Well, Dad, in the meantime, here's a carton of smokes you can use to buy stuff.", Bart Simpson answered.
"The Leader, Ma'am." Bart Simpson responded.
"I've realized the error of my ways, Lisa. I need someone with your integrity to help me. Please don't refuse this poor old man." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"We don't need TV to have family fun. Why don't we play Monopoly?", Marge Simpson answered.
"Can't you just write on your arm like I do?", Homer Simpson responded.
"You mean...", Bart Simpson replied.
"Huh?" Homer Simpson said.
"You gotta build fast! Cement drying!" Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "I 'unno."
"Quiet! Dad's gonna get his butt kicked by Mel Gibson! Knock his teeth out, Homer!", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "Oh my God! The dead have risen and they're voting Republican!"
"That guy has gotta go." Homer Simpson answered.
"And once we were back together, I was too happy ever to grunge again." Homer Simpson said.
"Sayonara, suckers!" Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "And so I've learned that the only true Batmen are Christian Bale and Adam West. Why are you washing Bumblebee Man's pants?"
"You crooks in Washington have..." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "You just made a very big mistake. You'll spend the rest of your life in pris--"
Marge Simpson answered: "One drink."
Homer Simpson said "Uh, I'd like to charge that Dimoxinil stuff to my health insurance?"
Homer Simpson answered "Please! You've gotta have some secret agony! I bet those fancy shoes hurt your feet."
Bart Simpson replied "You sure look stupid in that green dress, Lis."
Marge Simpson: "Spill it..."
"Do you think you could grade it now, please?" Bart Simpson said.
"Look, son. Daddy got in shape. E--" Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said "... and we deserve a French teacher who actually speaks French. J'accuse, Monsieur Kupferberg!"
Lisa Simpson said: "Where's Grampa? Wasn't he invited?"
C. Montgomery Burns said "Yes, the music is from Southern Hungary. That's quite an ear -- have some money."
"Jessica, I think this is too steep.", Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Really? It won't be the same without you, Dad."
Homer Simpson said "Oh man. Who'd think the first day of Lent would be such a bummer?"
"Ow! Quit it. It used to be a real boss tattoo." Bart Simpson said.
"Then came the day that changes every couple forever. The day we got our elephant.", Homer Simpson said.
"Uh-oh.", Homer Simpson said.
"Look!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Smithers, wait your turn. There's plenty of hot water for all.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"My birthday?" Homer Simpson responded.
"And in February... it's hot?", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Stupid driving test at the stupid DMV where stupid Patty and stupid Selma work. Sometimes I think God is teasing me, just like he teased Moses in the desert."
"You're not a pushover." Bart Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders answered "What's wrong with my moustache?"
Homer Simpson responded "Wow, so this is what this is."
"Professional athletes. Always wantin' more.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "Surely anyone would have noticed a gas leak -- except Aunt Selma."
"Bart! You can't just run away from this!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "But you stopped the fight. Won't everyone be mad at you?"
"Uh, look. I'll level with you, mister. This is a crank call that sorta backfired and I'd like to bail out right now." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Thank you."
"Okay. For one gold star: What Persian king exempted the Levites from taxation?", Ned Flanders responded.
"Uh-oh.", Bart Simpson answered.
"I know how you feel, Bart. When I was your age, I wanted an electric football game more than anything in the world, and my parents bought it for me, and it was the happiest day of my life. Well, goodnight." Homer Simpson responded.
"Hmm. I don't agree with his Bart-killing policy, but I do approve of his Selma-killing policy." Homer Simpson answered.
"Yeah, like that really hurt.", Bart Simpson responded.
"It was, Marge. Admit it." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Hey, get out, I'm in here! Oh."
Homer Simpson replied "Okay."
Homer Simpson responded: "Ah, Halloween. The one time of year when the squalor of our home works to our advantage."
"What am I doin' here, Seymour? The thing I'm planning hasn't even gone off yet.", Bart Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Smithers, do you think maybe my power plant killed those ducks?"
"You know, Homer, this cheese doodle is our last morsel of food." Ned Flanders said.
Marge Simpson replied "Well, you seem like a nice pushy stranger."
"Marge, I believe we have a little unfinished business. Come with me!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "I... found... a penny!"
Homer Simpson replied: "A napkin."
Seymour Skinner responded "Well, at least we're prepared for the new millennium."
"I mean, I'm due back in this same courtroom three times today. Hell, I torched a blood bank. One cookie my ass! Please, please, give me back my mommy." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Gee whiz. Adil would get a kick out of seeing this."
"LET'S ALL GO TO THE LOBBY, LET'S ALL GO TO THE LOBBY, LET'S ALL GO TO THE LOBBY, GET OURSELVES SOME SNACKS...." C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Here we are, kids! The Watergate." Marge Simpson responded.
"Where's my elephant?!", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "Do a nice one for Grandma."
Lisa Simpson replied "It slipped."
"I give up. There's nothing we can do." Lisa Simpson said.
"HEY THERE BLIMPY BOY /FLYING THROUGH THE SKY SO FANCY FREE.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Ahhh, these uniforms are a godsend. Horseplay is down 40 percent. Youthful exuberance has been cut in half, and high spirits are at an all-time low." Seymour Skinner answered.
"Mm-hmm! Now I'm gonna go tsk, tsk, tsk, tsk, tsk, tsk till you give the money back. Tsk, tsk, tsk.", Ned Flanders responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "What the hell are you talking about?"
"Oh, we can't afford that. Who do you think I am, Liz Taylor?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Why you little...?!"
"Uh, Krusty..." Bart Simpson answered.
"Making funny faces. Falling to the floor. Shedding his hair. Lying perfectly still...", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson: "Oh, I'm sure of it!"
Homer Simpson answered "Apu, I have to lose weight now. Do you have anything that'll make me vomit?"
"There's less of you to love, but I love you even more.", Marge Simpson said.
"Huh?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "They took the foam off the market because they found out it was poisonous. But if you ask me, if you're dumb enough to eat it, you deserve to die. Bart!"
Bart Simpson answered: "It's an illusion."
Homer Simpson said: "Green vegetables and homework."
"Oh really?", Moe Szyslak said.
Bart Simpson said "Oh, yeah."
"That's a hitchhiker, Homer." Bart Simpson responded.
"Oh, Baby!", Homer Simpson said.
"Back to the horses! Back to the horses!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Yes I am! I mean...", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "... some ice cream at the store, since I'm saving so much money on diet cola."
Homer Simpson answered "What the?"
"Okay, check your mirrors. Hands at ten and two. Slowly back out of the driveway--", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "It's like someone ironed out all the wrinkles in my brain."
"But this occasion is already so special if we made it any more special, we might end up making it less special.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Seventy-four? Oh sorry, there's been a mistake."
Bart Simpson responded "Would you mind? I'm trying to do my homework."
Lisa Simpson answered: "We're saved!"
"Ray J. funny... or O.J. funny?" Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied: "THERE! IS EVERYBODY HAPPY NOW?!"
Marge Simpson replied "No, no, you just stay put."
Marge Simpson: "We'll stay for one hand roll or two Nigiri -- then we have to get back to the kids!"
"Hi. Now what are you up to?", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Stupid dog! Let go of that delicious bird!" Homer Simpson said.
"Aag!", Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, everyone's off but us.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Can we make this hand high-low?"
Homer Simpson answered: "You're my kid's teacher!"
Marge Simpson said: "That was so noble of Apu to give his life for us."
Homer Simpson said: "On one condition: you do the shlepping."
Seymour Skinner answered: "Oh, he's with his new girlfriend. The Japanese conceptual artist."
"Wait a minute!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "Why do you always wait 'til we arrive to complain?"
Lisa Simpson responded: "I didn't think I'd get a fresh start like this till junior high!"
"When will you Australians learn? In America, we've stopped using corporal punishment, and things have never been better. The streets are safe. Old people strut confidently through the darkest alleys. And the weak and nerdy are admired for their computer programming abilities. So, like us, let your children run wild and free. Because, as the old saying goes, let your children run wild and free. Now boy, run back to the embassy! Back to American soil!" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "Driver, laugh at those people for me."
Homer Simpson replied: "Ha, ha! Eat my food! Drink up my drink! Put your coat on my daughter's bed! I command you!"
Homer Simpson replied: "You know, killing that gator was the best decision I ever made."
Lisa Simpson said: "... then we put your name on the script and sent it in."
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Who the devil are you?"
Moe Szyslak said "I'm the C.E.O.--"
C. Montgomery Burns: "Let's see... what's the smallest amount of money I can think of? A thousand dollars!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Hey, what's the big idea of getting trapped under that thing?"
"Oh Mom. Thanks." Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "Uh, I saw Krusty do it on TV!"
Homer Simpson said "You take that back!"
C. Montgomery Burns said "Now, would you care to continue this conversation on the teeter-totter?"
"Which one am I? Serena or Venus?", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Hey, bottom bunk's mine."
"Oh, come on! I'm sorry, but we just can't afford it. Marge, make him stop.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Hello?" Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Can't look. Texting."
"We were about to give up, when we found a house that was perfect..." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Yeah?! Well, good luck assembling all those toys without me!"
Marge Simpson answered "That's every woman's nightmare."
Homer Simpson replied: "Okay, tucked in tight, glass of water, nightlight on, no barn owls, don't do drugs, love you, good night."
Bart Simpson replied: "You're making me lick envelopes?"
Bart Simpson answered: "Hey, Lis. Change the channel."
Lisa Simpson answered "This has been a Gracie Films pray-sentation!"
"Well, I was hiding in the kitchen when it all happened..." Bart Simpson said.
"Shiver me timbers, you are Michael Jackson. Can you stay on the line while I get all my friends and relatives?", Bart Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner responded "What's this? What are you boys doing?"
"Well, it's just about what we need to pay for our fire damage.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Not a crier.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "I think they killed each other. You know, one of those murder-suicide deals."
Homer Simpson said: "Yes. You are scum."
Marge Simpson responded "Really? You think people would be Kent-rested in me?"
"I'm going to warm up the car." Homer Simpson said.
"Uh-oh." Bart Simpson answered.
"I think they're having a spat.", Moe Szyslak responded.
"No, I mean the mailman's here.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Okay." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "All right. But if anything happens..."
Marge Simpson responded "What do you think, Maggie?"
"Oh great. Now you woke the baby.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Ned, I never thought I'd say this, but we make a great team."
"Yeah.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh my God. An alien... in our butane storage shed!" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Well, there is nothing wrong with a father kissing his son, I think. Now go on, boy, and pay attention, because if you do, one day you may achieve something that we Simpsons have dreamed about for generations. You may outsmart someone."
Bart Simpson said: "Didja make it to the top, Dad? Huh? Didja?"
"For your information, none of your business!", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "We know there's a marriage in trouble and it has something to do with fish..."
"Starting search for trillion-dollar bill." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "They just can, okay."
Bart Simpson replied "How come Lisa doesn't have to play? Why does she get to hang out with her friends?"
"It deals with a bookish young woman's efforts to enter Rabbinical school." Marge Simpson replied.
"Step on it!", Marge Simpson responded.
"Where are you taking me?", Homer Simpson said.
"And Santy Claus provides the rest." Bart Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner responded: "Well, that tears it. Until you get a license and wear your own underwear, mister, you are suspended without pay."
"Everything here is something." Marge Simpson answered.
"Hey, what's this suitcase for? Are we going on a trip?", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "Grampa, what a question?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Way ahead of you, Marge -- I just ordered a series of tapes on saving money. They should get here soon. I paid a bundle for over-night delivery."
"I'm adopted?", Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "No, that is not true! I--"
"Yes, son.", Ned Flanders responded.
Homer Simpson replied "YUMMY, YUMMY, YUMMY/ I'VE GOT LOVE IN MY TUMMY/ AND I FEEL LIKE LOVIN' YOU..."
Marge Simpson answered: "Maybe we shouldn't rush things with the new neighbors. You know, we might not all be a perfect match."
"Hey, who invited the hippies?", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "Sorry, Monty, but you're too big for this ride."
"Grampa, how do you sleep at night?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"You're a dame and I'm a fella.", Ned Flanders answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh, that's loser talk!"
"Wow, video games sure have changed since I was a kid. How many points does it take to get an extra life these days, son? Thirty thousand? Certainly not fifty." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "I guess I'm more powerful than God now."
Homer Simpson said: "I know you ate my jerky. Just like I ate your earthquake supplies!"
Homer Simpson replied "Fine, then don't use it."
Marge Simpson responded: "Exactly! So from now on, I'm going to quit nagging and have more fun."
Bart Simpson answered: "Ah Nelson, your debonair wit reminds me of a young Mort Sahl."
"Forget it! One day a week I should be able to put on nice clothes and have someone bring food to me!" Marge Simpson said.
"Hey, leave my daughter alone! C'mon, humans! We've wiped out entire species before. We can do it again!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "More, please."
Homer Simpson responded "Rats. I almost had him eating dog food."
"That's right, it's my sad duty to rat out this man for defrauding a car wash. How, you ask? With a phony senior discount card!" Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "Hey, nice hair, Mom."
Seymour Skinner: "We did not! Now where's Bart? You better tell me!"
"I'm a prison snitch.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Okily-dokily." Ned Flanders said.
"I get it. It sucks. Really sucks.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Hmm, this camp's got it all -- climbing some kind of rope thing, wearing a backpack, high-fiving the black kid. It's the perfect thing to straighten you out."
Homer Simpson: "Suckers."
"I am riding on a bus." C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Lazy bums." Bart Simpson responded.
"See you downstairs, boy.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Hey, it's only money. And it did make a cool splash." Marge Simpson replied.
"Pff. Wife? Three kids? Steady job? If I did, I'd secretly be very sad. You could tell by how much I would eat and drink and just sit on the couch." Homer Simpson replied.
"Not Marmaduke! Never Marmaduke!", Homer Simpson said.
"Or save the endangered Alaskan salmon?", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Look at that, kids! No fighting, no yelling..."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Look at me! You did help me, by allowing me to inappropriately focus eight years of rage and rejection on you. It was like a great sneeze. And now I can say what's good about me. And I can say it as Lisa Simpson! Just not that loud."
"Oh no! In the eyes of God they'll be Flanderseseseses!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Wowww."
"Get off the stage!", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "I didn't want a hokey second wedding like those ones on TV. This one is for real. I want our marriage to be perfect, right from the start, so we don't end up like Kirk and Luann."
"Stupid Bart... makes me drive to Oregon... home of unspoiled forests... birthplace of Matt Groening ..." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "Yeah, check out the rats."
"But these fairy tales take me away from the harsh reality of peasant life." Lisa Simpson said.
"Samantha I've always been suspicious of transfer students... Other principals try to unload problem cases that way... Lord knows I do.", Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson said "Maggieeee!!!!"
"Well, what would Teddy Roosevelt do?", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "I live in that place!"
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "I decided to hit the local nighteries with my trusted wingman."
"Cool! An oversized novelty billiard ball." Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "Wait! Wait for me!"
Homer Simpson said "I am nature's perfect choking machine!"
Marge Simpson answered "I'll repress the rage I'm feeling."
Bart Simpson responded: "Hello, Lisa."
"Last year's MVP. He sweeps up toenails at the beauty parlor.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Ew, Lisa, make them stop!" Bart Simpson replied.
"It's about these pirates. Pirates with patches over their eyes... and shiny gold teeth... and green birds on their shoulders..." Bart Simpson said.
"I can't think of a better place to spend a balmy summer's night than the old ball yard. There's just the green grass of the outfield, the crushed brick of the infield, and the white chalk lines that divide the man from the little boy." Lisa Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders said: "I got your letter, Jesus and I'm coming as fast as I can."
Lisa Simpson responded "Okay. I'm not gonna give up. Solitude never hurt anyone. Emily Dickinson lived alone and she wrote some of the most beautiful poetry the world has ever known! And went crazy as a loon."
"You promised Lisa to help her with her costume. You made her cry, then I cried. Then Maggie laughed. She's such a little trooper." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "A competent doctor!"
Bart Simpson said: "Well, you need an expensive couch to watch an expensive TV."
Homer Simpson answered "No, of course you're not going to die. Everything's fine!"
"Well, everyone, the fact is: I haven't ever had relations. I am a virgin.", Seymour Skinner replied.
Homer Simpson said "I never graduated from high school."
Marge Simpson: "What? What?"
"I'm looking for something loose and billowy. Something comfortable for my first day of work.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh my God, an alien! I'm gonna blow Rachel Goodman away at show-and-tell!" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "As you know, there's been a lot of talk about divorce lately, and I think your mom might not be happy with me."
Lisa Simpson said: "They self-reference each other."
"What do you mean, isolated? ...ated...ated..ated..ated.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Attaboy!", Homer Simpson replied.
"These Swedish furniture designers sure have some far-out ideas. I mean, a green table! I wouldn't have thought of that in my wildest dreams." Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh, calm down, Homer. Lisa has an idea that she thinks would be fun for the whole family." Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "You know, I really do miss being a lady."
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Yes, feel their hatred. It makes you strong, powerful... alive!"
"Fifty-two hundred dollars? What are you talking about?" Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Hello. My name is Mr. Snrub, and I come from... eh, someplace far away. Yes, that will do. Anyway, I-I say we invest that money back in the nuclear plant."
Ned Flanders replied "Name's Ned Flanders, credits include Jesus in the passion play last year, Jesus in the passion play the year before that, Jesus, Jesus, a kindly hobo who turns out to be -- you guessed it, St. Peter..."
Homer Simpson responded "We really appreciate that."
Homer Simpson said: "Who said it was a he?"
"All the time." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Oh my god... I'm amazing."
"Wow! Up here, that feels good!", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "Just my arm."
"What'd he say, Lisa? What'd he say?" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Krusty!"
Bart Simpson replied: "We should be safe from Milhouse here. Being at sea level gives him nosebleeds."
Homer Simpson said "Can we get high from the fumes?"
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Full power, Smithers."
"But... what about Milhouse's Dad?", Bart Simpson answered.
"Please, I'm trying to keep it quiet. Catch ya later, Tony Hawk.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Hey man, you planted that!" Homer Simpson replied.
"And away we go!" Homer Simpson said.
"Get with the times, man.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Bart, all that button ever did was send a mild electric shock up my backside."
"No problem. Just let Sir Fix-a-lot slay this chore." Homer Simpson responded.
"Good boy, Mojo. Now, bring 'em down and I'll give you one." Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "I just bought a new car. A nice foreign number... the Lamborgotti Fasterossa."
Bart Simpson replied "Excuse me. Can you tell us what kind of birds these are? They hatched from eggs I found in a nest."
"Like a hog! Heh? What? What was that?", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "Grampa, why don't you tell us a story? You've led an interesting life."
"...So because of your on-base percentage, Nelson, you're the new leadoff hitter. Questions?" Lisa Simpson said.
"Bart!", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "Are there other people in here?"
Homer Simpson: "Makes you look like you've got something to hide."
"Dad, I admit I have some problems, but drugs aren't the answer." Bart Simpson said.
"Jeez, Louise. Look at this mess." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "Bart, what are you watching?"
Marge Simpson replied "Oh honey, I've missed you too. Homer, is that an old Halloween costume?"
"I don't want a new dog. I want my old dog, the one who bit me.", Bart Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak responded "Oil! Oil!"
Lisa Simpson said "Martha, you are the best."
"Bratwurst, sauerbraten, donderblitzen... Mom, isn't there anything vegetarian?", Lisa Simpson responded.
"My dad's always yelling that whitey's keepin' him down." Bart Simpson responded.
"Are you nuts?", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "I'm trying to do something nice, you dink. Pick up a card."
"If I understand the female mind -- and I do -- they're plotting against us." Bart Simpson answered.
"Homie, are you even listening to me?" Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "I hear you loud and clear."
Marge Simpson responded "My sweet baby! Ooh, it feels like you have a full diaper."
"So, anyone here from... Evergreen Terrace?", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "Santa's Little Helper would be an awesome police dog! Can he, Dad? Can he?"
"Wait! I want one last chance to enjoy single life.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "EVERYBODY DANCE NOW! DO, DO, DO, DO / DO, DO, DO, DO..."
C. Montgomery Burns said "No problem. We've siphoned off extra power from the orphanage. Who are they going to complain to -- their parents?"
Marge Simpson answered "Homer! You promised!"
Bart Simpson replied: "Explosives? Great!"
Bart Simpson said "It didn't hurt."
"What guys? I wanna see the freaks." Homer Simpson responded.
"Da-ad." Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "No, Dad, no. My point is you have to do something big and daring."
"Maybe we should get together some time." Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, you'll win for sure. You and science go together like Lenny and Carl. The science is Carl.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Hey, I don't need you to get me in the back of a police car." Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Okay, now we know you're allergic to cauliflower. But I made a special platter of vegetables that are good for you."
"Silence, Monkey. Now that you're Father Christmas, we have an opportunity to bend this town over our knee and give it a pranking it will never forget. Here's what we do..." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Seymour Skinner answered: "Now peasants, since the middle ages had no compact discs or Super Mario Men, people found entertainment in abusing the village idiot. So, let history come alive!"
"Why not.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Got it! No shock for me .", Homer Simpson answered.
"Just dump 'em in the fire, Dad.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Excellent."
Marge Simpson said "Homer!"
"Church!" Ned Flanders answered.
Homer Simpson responded "We've gotta get Marge some professional training. Carl, do you know heavyweight champ Drederick Tatum?"
Homer Simpson answered "Relax. I'm just boning up on the ol' Constitution."
"Is there something wrong, Homie?", Marge Simpson answered.
"It's like drinking e. e. cummings!", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Kent Brockman. Please."
Homer Simpson answered: "Start the movie!"
"Sorry, this thing goes off on its own. Anyway, you were sayin'?", Moe Szyslak replied.
"We're the neighbors, and we don't think." Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Marge! This isn't like you."
"Hey Mom, how's the leg?...", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "Now, drop your pants."
"It's a little tight.", Bart Simpson answered.
"If it happens, it happens.", Bart Simpson replied.
"And finally, the tie." Bart Simpson replied.
"Maggie?", Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner said: "Well, yes... but, not for four or five years. Bart, you're going to kindergarten."
"We're laughing with her, Marge! There's a big difference.", Homer Simpson answered.
"No one stays in the sinkhole!" Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Here we are, 15201 Maple Systems Road... Our new home."
Homer Simpson responded "All right. I can't waste any more time. People's lives are depending on me. Mr. Sulu -- make a left!"
Bart Simpson answered "That was too close. We gotta stay off the streets."
Homer Simpson replied: "LOOK OUT FOR WHAT?"
Homer Simpson said "I said foul on twenty-three!"
Marge Simpson responded "But you'll get killed!"
"Perfect." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "THINK OF ME BABE WHENEVER / SOME SWEET TALKING GUY IN A THONG / HANDS YOU A BONG / DON'T TAKE..."
Homer Simpson responded: "No I don't, I hate to rhyme."
"All the food in those pictures is poop by now. Minds blown, you're welcome." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "And those potholes are becoming a real nuisance."
Marge Simpson responded "Uh, excuse me, sir, I think there's been a mistake."
Marge Simpson answered "Well, it doesn't matter how you feel inside, you know. It's what shows up on the surface that counts. That's what my mother taught me. Take all your bad feelings and push them down, all the way down, past your knees, until you're almost walking on them. And then you'll fit in, and you'll be invited to parties, and boys will like you... and happiness will follow."
"Don't worry, we're not evil spirits.", Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "Homie, I love you, and I'm glad we're finally using our wedding china, but when you're helping to pick the next leader of the free world..."
Homer Simpson said "Sorry, Marge. I'm afraid this gets my lowest rating ever, seven thumbs up."
Marge Simpson responded: "Although actually there's only one. And it's more of a love postcard, from some brewery he visited."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Whee."
"Uh-huh.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Linguo, dead!" Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders said "Well, howdy, Homer!"
"Come on. You were in World War Two." Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "What the heck? Gah!"
Bart Simpson said: "I was at the flower shop."
"Hey, what's this?" Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "Um... some other time, maybe. Today I'm just hanging out at home."
Homer Simpson responded "What are you saying?"
Lisa Simpson said: "Or the way Dad used to call the radio station with fake traffic tips?"
Bart Simpson responded: "I wanna go on the Yard-work Simulator!"
"Wow! My mother the actress. I feel like Lucie Arnaz-Luckinbill." Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Fat Tony?"
"Mom, I'm so sorry. You just wanted to stop one more senseless act of madness in the world. Well, if I get out of this I promise you I'll grant your last wish." Homer Simpson responded.
"You are not bringing that thing home." Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh, Smithers, when you look at me with those puppy dog eyes... all right.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Yeah, yeah. Anyway, you promised to take us to the lake.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "There, there. God, I miss Homer."
Homer Simpson responded: "For the last time, Bush, apologize for spanking my boy!"
"Look, I came to talk about my husband, and... How did we get in here?" Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "I think that Shiva used to be Paul Bunyan."
"Bart, thank your mother for pointing that out.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Jeez, Homer, I never seen a guy stand up to that kinda punishment -- I mean, you took a three-man poundin' and didn't ever fall down." Moe Szyslak responded.
Ned Flanders said "Why do I always give in to him?"
Homer Simpson said: "There she is, boy."
Lisa Simpson answered "He'll give you good advice. He's the toughest Simpson alive."
Bart Simpson said: "Maybe it's time I wash my hand."
Bart Simpson: "Um... Uh..."
Bart Simpson responded "Get that stuff off!"
Moe Szyslak replied: "No. Not unless you kill your family."
Homer Simpson: "No."
"Goodnight, Teddy Bear. Goodnight, Justin Timberwolf. Goodnight, Bedtime Krusty.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Lucky parameciums." Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "Oh, so that's your little game. Let old Bart get nice and drowsy, then, when his back is turned... wham!"
Bart Simpson: "Mr. and Mrs. Van Houten!"
"Oh, Maggie will do just fine. She'll have plenty of money, 'cause she'll marry a grocer..." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said: "Awww."
"I figured if one six-pack holder will catch one fish, a million sewn together will catch a million fish. Watch." C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Honey, everything's fine. There's nothing to worry about.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "I wasn't gonna gamble. I just wanted a Bloody Mary."
Homer Simpson responded: "You son of a... Sold!"
"Hell yeah!", Homer Simpson responded.
"I did it!", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "We need money fast!"
"Hey, Homer." Bart Simpson answered.
"This house is haunted!" Lisa Simpson said.
"Oh man, this is the greatest night of my life. If my Dad could see this he'd be so mad.", Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "Thanks, but lowering your voice and standing on paint cans doesn't make you man enough to be my dad."
"Now that's the Marge I married.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, Homie, I don't know. This might upset them.", Marge Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Now get lost!"
"... Nine... ten..." Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said "Oh."
Lisa Simpson said "It's kind of humbling, isn't it? The music we just heard might never be heard again."
"In a situation like this, you just relax and let the current take you back to land." Homer Simpson responded.
"I'm a singing in the show... Hot! Yeow! Cold! Ow! Hot! Cold! Hot! Ow! Who's! Doing! That?!" Homer Simpson replied.
"I'LL EAT EGGPLANT / I COULD EVEN EAT A BABY DEER... LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA... WHO'S THAT BABY DEER ON THE LAWN, THERE..." Homer Simpson responded.
"Bart! You're not hitting hard enough!" Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "Yeah. I wish Maggie had to go to the emergency room more often."
"This is the easiest money I've ever made, lugging around a ninety pound parking meter!", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "He's turned it into a prison!"
"Yeah. Everything before the high-speed chase was just lovely." Marge Simpson replied.
"You're getting a job.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"I've gotta find out who that guy is, but I need help. Someone like Bart, only smart. Lisa!" Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson: "Oh boy! Mold! That's science-fair paydirt!"
Homer Simpson answered "Yell-o."
Marge Simpson responded: "So you really didn't do it?"
"Silence! I'm going to give you one more chance -- at a reduced salary. So straighten up and fly right!", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Hey, you knocked out my power. How am I supposed to eat without watching TV?" Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner responded "I'm well aware of the situation."
"Well, I'm --" Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "Legalize what? Oh, oh. Consider it done."
Lisa Simpson said "When America was born on that hot July day in 1776, the trees in Springfield Forest were tiny saplings, trembling towards the sun. And as they were nourished by Mother Earth, so too did our fledgling nation find strength in the simple ideals of equality and justice. Who would have thought such mighty oaks, or such a powerful nation, could grow out of something so fragile... so pure. Thank you."
Homer Simpson said: "U.S.A.! U.S.A.! U.S.A.!..."
Homer Simpson said "You'll never silence me! I'm the last angry man, Patterson! A crusader for the little guy!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Is it used?"
Bart Simpson replied "Yeah, it's tough being man of the house. You left some big underpants to fill. I didn't know they made Underoos in size fifty-two."
"Man, those cons love Krusty. Inside every hardened criminal beats the heart of a ten-year-old boy.", Bart Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Get back to work!"
Seymour Skinner responded "All right, Simpson, be honest with me. Is it actually possible to win this game?"
"We had one date. And you were not a gentleman." Marge Simpson answered.
"I've got it! It's in the bag!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Prancer..."
"I agree, but how?" Homer Simpson replied.
"... So I sent Luke's sister down the wrong trail and... Hey! Where'd all this water come from? There used to be a trail here! And there used to be a beaver dam there." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Let's try the red one again." Homer Simpson answered.
"We are all here because drinkin' in our bars is down. Mom and Pop bartenders can't compete with big box stores like Booze Barn and Hooch City." Moe Szyslak responded.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Yeah, all right. It'll cover the gravy stains."
"Hmm, this must be some sort of cafetorium.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"No, really.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "O-o-o-ooooh booooyyyyy... We had the family version of a bromance going with our awesome neighbors, and you had to screw it up."
Homer Simpson replied "What? It's not Magaggie's birthday? Oh."
Homer Simpson answered: "Dinner party at the neighbors'. At least I can drink."
"Penal." Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered "I won. Don't take that away from me."
Homer Simpson said: "Wooo!!"
"Quick, Bart, give me a kiss.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Yaaaa...", Homer Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Haven't you heard? He's the new Homer."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Okay, now!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Uh yeah, I guess I could lose a few pounds. And I can be kind of thick sometimes."
"You know what Mom really loves? Julienne potatoes. And for dessert, peach crumble.", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "Lisa, could you pass the salad?"
"Hi, Nikki. I'm Bart. This situation, it's nuts, right?" Bart Simpson said.
"Okay, but if you really want to honk Skinner off, I suggest you attack the one thing he truly believes in." Lisa Simpson said.
"And vice versa.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Mom, you can't possibly believe that." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Woo hoo!"
Seymour Skinner replied: "Wait a minute, Bart."
Homer Simpson replied "You're Darryl Strawberry."
Bart Simpson replied: "And the dog in the Coppertone ad? Same deal, Dad?"
Lisa Simpson responded "Bart, what's wrong with you?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Does a father have to explain? Let's just share your gift, okay?"
"Also wrong.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Good to see you. Glad you could make it." C. Montgomery Burns said.
"'CAUSE MOE'S A BIG JERK AND A SHE-MALE TOO!", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "They have a lot of funny words for not-so-funny things."
"You mean I have pneumonia?", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Someone's coming!" Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "No thanks. But thanks."
"I don't even have a special tooth problem! This is just a routine check-up! The bib is choking me!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Moderately wealthy?" Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "How's he doing?"
"Hi, little fella. Got some nice juicy flies for ya." Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded "You know, if we get through to just that one little girl, it'll all be worth it."
"Homer! Homie? Hm... what he's typed will be a window into his madness." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Okay."
"Ahoy hoy, St. Nick!" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Wow, Dad. You really threw a tantrum like a little sissy girl?", Bart Simpson replied.
"Yeah." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "No, Marge. You're the most giving person I know. Besides, i gave them another gem child to sit on their precious throne."
"How did you survive?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "You don't know him. He lives in Russia."
"Exactly!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Okay, so we have one thing in common. But you know what I hate? Drinking beer and watching TV."
Lisa Simpson replied "That's just you, Bart."
"What? Oh, yes. That fellow. Well, just put him somewhere out of the way and find that dog." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Now I can show all of you what I've come to realize. The reason we're not allowed in the Forbidden Barn is because there is no inter-galactic spaceship! He's taken our money just so he can...build one hell of a spaceship!" Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "You're certainly in a good mood tonight, Dad."
"No they didn't. You just brought a bucket of chicken to church." Marge Simpson responded.
"It's your sister." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "He made it!"
"Uh, yeah.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Gotcha!" Bart Simpson replied.
"Now that's what I call a snappy retort!", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "You haven't heard the last of this!"
"Mr. Burns..." Seymour Skinner answered.
"Big deal. It's just saltines and fig paste.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "You're the Hell's Satans? What a fun coincidence. My gang's name is also the..."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Alan Moore, Art Spiegelman... Oh, Dan Clowes!"
"Hi, Homer." Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Bad baby!"
"Our houses are the cheapest! The one next to me's been on sale forever! I see them lowering the price every morning when I go out to pee.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Is that horse vacuuming?", Bart Simpson said.
"Ooh, I just finished my first paragraph. Spell check!", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said: "Bart will give back the Malibu Stacy head you thought was lost."
"Well, it all starts when the nulecule comes out of its nest...", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "Because you've already done it once."
"My God. I've created life!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Bart! How many times have I told you not to bite your sist... Wait a minute! You are a vampire.", Homer Simpson replied.
"What the heckaroonie is this, Mrs. Glick?", Ned Flanders answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Well, we'll see about that."
Seymour Skinner responded: "Um... about how early press coverage of the bake sale is uniformly positive."
"You've said that three times already!", Bart Simpson replied.
"Oh, we're never gonna get out of... Psst, cleaning lady. Would you let us out of here?" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "Oh, come on, I've seen you cry a million times. You cry when you scrape your knee. You cry when they're out of chocolate milk. You cry when you're doing long division and you have a remainder left over."
Homer Simpson: "Police brutality! And chew-tality!"
"I don't see any breasts." Bart Simpson responded.
"He thought that trip to the guillotine factory was just for fun. But it was the perfect place to shoot him." Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded "Well, that about does it for houses in this area..."
"Oh! Oh! Block it.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Bart, why are you still up?", Homer Simpson said.
"Thirty years! I'll never find him. I'm doomed to walk through this life alone. Oh brother, where art thou?!", Homer Simpson said.
"No. There's no way out.", Homer Simpson replied.
"I wanna saunter!", Bart Simpson replied.
"There are perfectly good answers to those questions, but they'll have to wait for another night. Now off to bed." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Oh. Seriously, everyone says your parties rock."
Bart Simpson responded: "Check this out!"
Seymour Skinner: "Are you questioning my authority? Willie?"
Bart Simpson responded "I'm here to see Grampa."
"Marge, you can't go with me to Moe's. I mean, how would you like it if I came with you to your mother's?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Hey!", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Like fun I don't. Marge, I'm never going to church again."
"DARTS AND MEATPIES, AND LAGER IN PINT GLASSES" Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Bart, there's spiders in your hair."
"...And then they realized they were no longer little girls, they were little women.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"Eh, we could try it.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Look at 'em, with their bright, airy narthex and light, flaky Eucharist. I wouldn't mind dipping my hand in their font."
"Can't you do anything? Surprise witnesses? Evidence tampering? Play the race card. Play it.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Go nuts."
Homer Simpson answered "There it is, boys, the championship trophy!"
"Yeah, right. Like you're gonna let me go hungry. I'll be eatin' that pizza in five minutes." Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Dad, you're eating Dr. Phil!"
Homer Simpson responded "Then it's settled. The Simpsons are going to Brazil."
"Wow, All-Access. All-Access..." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "Yes. I ate two grapes. Please charge me for them."
"Yeah, I have their baseball cards." Homer Simpson responded.
"We did it! You're in!" Seymour Skinner replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Is anything wrong?"
Homer Simpson answered "We'll clean out those stupid Americans."
"I'm okay! And I found some gold!" Homer Simpson responded.
"That's right, you're workin' in the kitchen. That's how our camp pays the bills.", Moe Szyslak answered.
Marge Simpson answered "He prefers the company of men!"
Homer Simpson said: "Look, everyone! Now that I'm a teacher, I've sewed patches on my elbows."
Bart Simpson replied "Where's my elephant?!"
Bart Simpson said: "Mom! Mom! Wake up!"
"Exactly.", Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded "Mom, you're the greatest. Can I have this licorice?"
"You know, I just got a little chill when you said my name." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "That is called parenting. I'm going to Moe's."
"All right, that's it, pull over." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "Oh, you mean Krusty the Clown?"
Homer Simpson responded: "You name it, oh wise mountain ape."
Homer Simpson responded "Oh great, you made me miss Joe Theisman."
"I don't know.", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "Hey."
"Does it have its own satellite dish, sir?", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Ah food. Good thinking, son."
"Not too good, Lisa. Frankly, he's underneath the table.", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Shaft."
Lisa Simpson responded: "The money helps us serve the community! We plant trees, pick up litter, cut up milk bones for old dogs..."
"Homer, I'm sorry you saw that, but I was very upset that night." Marge Simpson said.
"I know what I've got to do.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Oops.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Hey, how much is it?"
Bart Simpson answered "Hey, Dad! We made popcorn!"
Homer Simpson replied "Only in public."
Bart Simpson: "Well, what are you going to do?"
"Okay.", Homer Simpson answered.
"I gotta help him.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Point zero nine."
Bart Simpson said "C'mon, don't be a cup and ball hog!"
"God, I gotta ask you somethin'. What's the meaning of life?", Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns said "Smithers! That precision assault popped it back into place! Thank you masked stranger!"
"/", Bart Simpson answered.
"It's easier to be friends with lots of people online than one person in person. What if I started an online meeting place where all are equal and I am the undisputed center?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Sorry kids, I guess the hats and mittens will have to wait until next year.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "A sober Irishman?"
Seymour Skinner said: "You have a lovely voice, sir."
Homer Simpson responded: "Son, you're okay! And you've led us to the precious ivory. And of course your lovable pet, who it's connected to..."
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh, great. Now I'm upside-down."
Homer Simpson responded "Like a woman who's made the biggest mistake of her life."
Lisa Simpson responded "Don't make us poke your eyes out, Dad."
Homer Simpson responded "No, my invention! All my money problems could've..."
"I'm whizzing with the door open -- and I love it!" Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "I'm upset about Lisa."
"The very same. I think this tomato could wipe out world hunger." Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Very sharp!"
Bart Simpson replied "Rocks!"
"Honey, this marriage is a partnership. When you fall, I pick you up. And when you can't finish a sandwich, I eat that sandwich." Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "Uh-oh."
"Absolutely." Homer Simpson answered.
"I'll just sit here then." Moe Szyslak said.
"Oh, that was cold, Luann. So cold! BRRRRR! SARCASTIC BRRRRRR!", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "I don't understand this. Why can't you stay with your parents?"
"Brother Faith's Revival?", Bart Simpson responded.
"Mom, why did you wake me up? I dreamt I was at the Kennedy Center Honors.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "It doesn't cover mortadella."
Lisa Simpson replied "I could join past presidents. Like Otto... or Krusty!"
"Then I'll whomp him with my hat.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh Lord, I thank you for this bounty I'm about to receive...", Bart Simpson responded.
"They sell some at the gas station.", Homer Simpson replied.
"You just wanna see your old man trip and fall! Well, sorry to disappoint you, lad, but, what the--" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Stupid tallest building in Springfield!"
Marge Simpson responded "Boys, I'd like your attention, please."
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Ah Simpson! There's someone I want you to meet. Aristotle Amadopolis, owner of the Shelbyville Nuclear Power facility."
Lisa Simpson responded "Hello, this is Lisa Simpson, and..."
Marge Simpson replied: "It's supposed to say Jay's name, not yours."
"It's not fair. Moms want to be fun, but we're stuck with all the... mom stuff." Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "I'm proud of you, Dad. You're the first man to ever outsource the American worker's sense of entitlement and privilege."
"Oh, for goodness sake. What we need around here is some fresh blood." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Marge Simpson replied "Oh, Jacques! It fits. You got it in my size and it has my name on it. It's really for me."
"And he survived to make it back to Springfield, where he became the fine educator we salute tonight." Lisa Simpson said.
Ned Flanders said: "Um-hm."
"You know I'm a vegetarian." Lisa Simpson answered.
"So good to be back.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Come on, we can use the baseball bat to smash open the case."
Homer Simpson answered: "Eh, one out of twenty-five ain't bad."
Homer Simpson: "Oh, no. He can't mean that."
"Damnation! What kind of slowcoaches do I have working for me? Ah, here comes one of our fellows now.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Sweet merciful crap! My car!"
"G'mornin'.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Leave everything to me." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Hey! I'm not a bum... Thanks, but I don't need... Okay, if you insist, but... Spare change, lady? Lousy cheapskate..."
Homer Simpson responded "No way. I still haven't lost the weight I put on from the last one."
Bart Simpson replied: "Look at me, I'm a grad student. I'm thirty years old and I made six hundred dollars last year."
"I wanna hear about old-time wrestling too." Bart Simpson answered.
"Not likely. C'mon, have a sense of humor about yourself!" Bart Simpson responded.
"Hmmm. Who is that lavatory linksman, Smithers?", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson said: "Yeah! And aren't!"
Lisa Simpson replied "Hello? Hello? Is everything okay?"
Bart Simpson responded: "Hey, I didn't lead her on. I always played it light and breezy."
"Oh my God, it's 11:15!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Don't worry son, you can have mine. Here, let me show you how to put on a tie.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Well, it was very moving, but the thing is, bats are chewing my legs!"
"I'm taking you to your home, before you wreck mine!", Marge Simpson responded.
"Humbler!" Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "Isn't this Lenny's house?"
"You can't go on that. You have a heart condition.", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "Let's see if they wore underwear back then."
"I wish the government would get off his back." Moe Szyslak replied.
"Not yet, son. Not yet." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Uh... a lighter."
"You better have a good reason for doing that, boy.", Homer Simpson said.
"Id. Triple word score.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Listen son, there's something I have to tell you about our robot."
Homer Simpson said "Uh, c'mon, kids, let's go sit in the car 'til your Mom's done fitting in."
"Wow, this 3-D is amazing! You can actually feel the vase!", Homer Simpson said.
"Smithers. I keep my friends close and my enemies even closer. He'll slowly regain his confidence as the months and years drift by, blissfully unaware that the sword of Damocles is dangling just above his head.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"What the hell are you talkin' about? You're the one who double dared us.", Bart Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner responded "Oh! I think we hit something."
Homer Simpson said: "I'm back, baby!"
"You knew the City Forensics finals are tomorrow. And you kept me here until one a.m. pretending to be stupid. Homer J. Simpson, I hate you!" Marge Simpson replied.
"This house is spectacular. You must have had a great view of the riots!" Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "No no, that's too expensive. Just don't do it anymore."
Homer Simpson: "Magic Johnson! Y'ello."
"I prefer my phrasing.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Whoa."
"Very well. I am gone!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Okay." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "What else is Marge hiding from me?"
Homer Simpson replied "What should we do until you get back?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Go where?"
Moe Szyslak said: "Ze-ro."
Bart Simpson said "I think I'll call you Chirpy Boy, and you Bart Junior. And you can call me Mother. No, wait, that sounds kinda fruity. Just call me Mom."
Moe Szyslak said: "Feeling... flu-ish. Fever... nausea... Child germs! No! Must... participate in... democratic... pro... cess..."
"Well, how about Grampa? He's pretty out of it. He let those guys use his check book for a whole year.", Bart Simpson said.
"C'mon Chief, it was just a prank. Would some flatware make things right?", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "Oops. Sorry."
Marge Simpson said: "Kids, from now on, I don't want you touching anything in our house. Dart!"
Lisa Simpson answered: "You think so?"
Marge Simpson answered "Ooh, a pen from the Milwaukee Hilton! ...a phone answering machine from the '80s!"
"Give something back? Boo! Get a haircut!" Homer Simpson said.
"Pray for a miracle, boy! God can hear you better from up there!", Ned Flanders responded.
Bart Simpson: "Wow, a drifter."
"The food is so delicious here. And these Chanel suits are five for a dollar! I'm using a jacket as a napkin." Marge Simpson said.
"No problem." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Quiet, Marge. The motorcycle and I are trying to sleep."
Marge Simpson: "That's CCR!"
Lisa Simpson responded "I think so."
Homer Simpson responded "Marge, pour vous."
"When are we going to get to my first word?", Lisa Simpson said.
"They charged a deposit!", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "Then you'll also remember that you owe me a favor..."
"And because you love me, I will not stop yo-yo dieting till I get it right.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Ladies and gentlemen, in his native land he was a king. But he comes before you in chains, for your own amusement. Presenting Homer, the Eighth Wonder of the World!", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Shh, shh, shh, shh, shh..." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "It's not your fault, Grampa. These cards are too slippery. See?"
"Real news is great, son. But I'm gettin' a thousand hits an hour with grade-A bull plop.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Well, no way I'm giving a valentine to Nelson. He's a bully, and I do not love him.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Something's wrong. Terribly wrong." Lisa Simpson replied.
"This could be a whole new beginning for Springfield." Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "LOOK, A FIRE!..."
Marge Simpson answered: "Uh, sure."
Marge Simpson said: "Look at these prices. We could finally get rid of those termites for the cost of this meal."
Marge Simpson responded "He's done good things for you too."
"Sh! Here comes Lisa's solo!" Marge Simpson answered.
"I'm sorry, Homer. No weapons." Marge Simpson replied.
"We're gonna lose our house and end up living under a bridge like common trolls." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "All right, now to drag the meter to the next idiot."
"I'm not inferring anything. You infer. I imply." Lisa Simpson answered.
"But...", Bart Simpson answered.
"Hey Krusty, are you gonna finish that meatloaf or what?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Lisa needs braces.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, right. I reluctantly accept your proposal."
Homer Simpson replied: "Hey, hey."
Marge Simpson replied "It's in that dumpster."
"A story suitable for children!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"What?", Moe Szyslak replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "You gave Bart one."
"The meaning of what?", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Only 'cause he tried to reason with him."
Marge Simpson answered "When was the last time you played Citizenship?"
C. Montgomery Burns said: "This moon-faced simpleton is continually interrupting my search for a patsy! Hello."
Homer Simpson responded: "We're so sorry, we're so sorry."
Marge Simpson replied "My heart is fine."
Homer Simpson answered: "Sorry, Barney. I may be a total washout as a father, but I'm not gonna take my kid to some sleazy dog track on Christmas eve."
Marge Simpson answered: "Stop it, Homer!"
Homer Simpson answered "The computer says Bart's standing on the computer. All I see is a stupid bird with a tracking chip on its leg! It doesn't add up!"
Bart Simpson replied "C'mon, boy. Time to go to bed."
Marge Simpson responded "The best thing about a gypsy wedding is I'm not the hairiest woman here."
"I'M GONNA MAKE IT AFTER ALL!", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "Are you okay?"
"Homer, all these flies.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Aw!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, and uh, I'll take that statue of Justice too.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"That mattress the dog sleeps on in the cellar?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Bart! I found a portal back to Earth." Lisa Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Hello, Lenny, Carl, Guillermo..."
Homer Simpson answered: "That means that you weigh... One hundred and sixty pounds! Oh-ho-ho, you're doin' great!"
Moe Szyslak replied: "Ha. Ha. Cute kid. But, just in case you don't kill Hamlet, I put some poison on the food, on the drapes, even on Rosen-Carl and Guilden-Lenny here."
Homer Simpson said "How could I not? I saw you pouring your heart and soul into this business and getting nowhere. I saw you desperately trying to cram one more salty treat into America's already bloated snack-hole. So I did what I could. I did what any loving husband would do: I reached out to some violent mobsters."
"I'm his neighbor, what'd he do?", Homer Simpson responded.
"I see. You want excitement. Princess, have you ever heard of Studio Fifty-Four, C-B-G-Bs, the Roxbury?" Homer Simpson replied.
"I always thought I understood my special little guy. But somewhere along the road, his hand slipped away from mine." Marge Simpson responded.
"I'm almost there... I can see the church steeple in the distance...", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "She just wanted to ride bikes through New England. But those seats hurt my ass!"
"Barney, no! Don't!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Y'know, the fear of getting caught is kind of a turn-on." Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh, Bart. Why couldn't you have gotten a paper route like other boys.", Marge Simpson replied.
"See? These are our bug-out bags. In here is everything we need to survive." Homer Simpson replied.
"Aw, Dad. It's just a popularity contest.", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "A place where you'll never be bothered by your family again."
"He's not moving.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Good morning, Springfield! Good morning, Mr. and Mrs. Winfield!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Well, this is my day and we do, sir." Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "I guess. Who are you?"
"How can you stand up to this punishment?", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "Um, I would also like to take your coat."
Bart Simpson responded "Ay carumba."
"Marge had a black eye?! I could never do something like that! Could I?" Homer Simpson said.
"That's right. The year is 1965, and you and I are undercover detectives on the hot-rod circuit. Now let's burn rubber, baby!" C. Montgomery Burns said.
Marge Simpson: "We want to sue the sugar industry for selling a harmful product."
"I learned it screws everybody up." Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Abe, we were so worried."
"Uh-huh." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "Lisa did it."
Homer Simpson answered "Conrad Birdie? Coming here to Sweet Apple?!"
"Homer! Take me home!" Marge Simpson replied.
"Marge, I want you to admit you have a gambling problem.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Welcome, ladies and gentlemen, honored guests, and out-of-town roller-coaster weirdoes.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "Ew! Gross! It's probably diseased or something. Here, Maggie."
Homer Simpson responded "Don't you give up on me!"
"Yeah, but I should have no problem selling a thousand springs.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Huh?"
"I've got to get rid of this ugly chrome frame from Kirk's bachelor bad. I hate to think of the things this mirror has reflected.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Homer, this is the most sacred spot in Christendom, not your backyard hammock." Ned Flanders said.
"What about my dress?", Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered: "I need a miracle. Come on, you owe me."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Ralph, I'm sorry I..."
Marge Simpson replied: "I can't wait to see my Valentine's Day surprise!"
Seymour Skinner replied: "You're mine, Simpson."
Homer Simpson answered: "Gimme a drink with all your sweetest Brazilian fruits mixed together."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "This trapdoor app works like a charm! Excellent."
"I... 8... P.P." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "Ooh, another Grobanite!"
Lisa Simpson: "Well, what if we used our imaginations...?"
Homer Simpson: "I'm locking it up in my safe deposit closet with my other valuables."
Moe Szyslak replied "And now you're probably wondering, what's this all building to?"
Bart Simpson responded: "Yeah, school."
Marge Simpson said: "Get in! Get in!"
"Oh, now, calm down Neddilly-diddily-diddily-diddily-diddily... They did their best... Shoddily-iddily-iddily-diddily... Gotta be nice... hostility-ilitity-bility-dility -- Aw, hell, diddly-ding-dong-crap! Can't you morons do anything right?!!", Ned Flanders replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Well, I can see the position of handsomest C.E.O. is already taken."
Marge Simpson: "And that's why Nancy No is the most popular girl in Promiseville High."
Homer Simpson replied "Get out here, boy! I wanna punish you before I get drunk and merciful!"
Homer Simpson: "Oh, sorry... ouch!"
"Really? Can I see it?", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "A Saturn?"
Marge Simpson answered "Good times."
Marge Simpson said "C'mon, baby!"
Bart Simpson replied "Yeah, but it's got anti-freeze in there."
"To who?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Confederate degenerate?" Homer Simpson answered.
"See you tomorrow....", Homer Simpson answered.
"I did it!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Bart! No! No! No, no! Oh no, Bart, No! Don't! Noooo!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Nothin'."
Marge Simpson: "We're breaking up!"
"Quick! Into the river! Hippos hate water." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "Homie, if you die, I'm gonna have three kids to take care of. I want you to buy some life insurance. Please?"
Lisa Simpson said: "I'll be good."
"Lisa! Explain!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Hey, anything's possible. With a little help from my Bible."
"Well, since I don't have the remote, I can just get up and change the channel.", Homer Simpson said.
"What are you talking about? Y-you're right!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Why do you always hire the cheapest guy?" Marge Simpson said.
"What a charming neighborhood." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Sure, what do I care?"
Bart Simpson responded "No, we need to sail!"
"Heh, heh, heh. It was worth it." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Lousy Smarch weather."
"Looks like we're down to our last ten bucks Hello.", Bart Simpson said.
"With that little outfit on, everyone's gonna think you're playing in the tournament.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Little Lisa. Lisa Simpson. You know, I always felt you were the best thing my name ever got attached to. Since the time you learned to pin your own diapers, you've been smarter than me."
Ned Flanders: "THEY'RE NOT PERFECT, BUT THE LORD SAYS LOVE THY NEIGHBOR --"
Homer Simpson replied: "Really? A restaurant? Well, now I don't know what to think."
Homer Simpson replied: "I make a lot of stupid decisions..."
"Go, son! Do it for the normals!" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "What'd you do?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Fine, watch your stupid Eagles concert."
Homer Simpson replied "How are you a winner? You're cheating in a fake sport!"
"Here you go, your rubber training knife. You've attained the rank of Pussy Willow.", Ned Flanders replied.
"No partays, no shindigs, no keggers, no hootenannies, no mixers, no raves, no box socials..." Marge Simpson answered.
"Mom, I lost Dad and Bart." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Pfft. Friends of the library?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Why don't we stay at a youth hostel?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Well, if that's your custom."
Marge Simpson responded "Bart, you know there is such a thing as being a bad winner."
Ned Flanders said: "My pleasure."
Homer Simpson answered "Well, of course a-- Who are you?"
Homer Simpson replied "Why are you applauding them? We wrote it!"
Lisa Simpson: "Wow..."
Homer Simpson said: "You can't let yourself end up in a place like this. You've got two choices: You can give up on yourself and take the Barney-guarding job, like so many of us have contemplated in our darkest moments. Or you can admit to yourself there's only one person that can make you happy and do whatever it takes to get them back."
"You know what I think about regrets? As long as your family is together, every choice you've ever made is the right one.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Don't you defend him! I want that mooch out of my house right now!" Marge Simpson replied.
"How could you burn the present I gave you?" Lisa Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns: "May you all fly in an aero-plane someday."
"How am I supposed to get up there?" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Don't worry. You gotta hit it just right. Like Fonzie."
"We've gotta get to the hospital, Homer!" Marge Simpson replied.
"Uh, I wouldn't take it down if I were you. It's a load-bearing poster." Bart Simpson said.
"If your advertising agency created all those giant characters, you must know how to stop them.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Ooh, the baseball-playing man! I barely recognized you without your costume on.", Marge Simpson replied.
"I need some advice, Grampa. See, there's this bully at school who keeps beating me up.", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "I wasted five bucks on these."
"Don't forget apple sauce." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Okay. That one." Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "Homie, are you really going to ignore Grampa for the rest of your life?"
"It's a natural process that women of a certain age go through.", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "I don't care. I can't breathe in here."
"Dad, isn't it wrong to open or eat other people's mail?", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "The camera's not on yet, right?"
"BECAUSE...", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Sorry." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "I can't believe it. That was Itchy all right. You did invent him! When people see this you'll be rich and famous!"
Marge Simpson answered "I love ya! I love ya! I love ya!"
"Oh, it was awful. They set me on a cold metal table and prodded me with humiliating probes and the -- oh wait, that was my physical." Homer Simpson replied.
"Woo hoo!", Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "...and that's how I got the vending machine contract for the Kremlin."
"So you see, there's treasure everywhere." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Yeah, but this is what they're doing on campus. Besides, it isn't costing us - I swiped the cinderblocks from a construction site."
"Ever since that self-help guy came to town, you've lost your identity. You've fallen through the cracks of our quick-fix, one-hour-photo, instant-oatmeal society.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Two hundred dollars?! Isn't there any other way?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Huh? Springfield University Homecoming! Finally, a chance to relive my golden college years...", Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak said "Yeah. I sell 'em on the internet for like-minded people. Now let's lay some track."
Bart Simpson said: "Why don't you just quit taking the pills, you hophead?"
Seymour Skinner said "Good evening, everyone, and welcome to a wonderful evening of theater and picking up after yourselves."
"I don't have any diamonds." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Everyone's having fun but me."
"Sorry, Harv, but like I told you before, it ain't for sale." Moe Szyslak replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Well, he's got more confidence!"
Bart Simpson said: "Well, Lis, what do you think about the alien now?"
Homer Simpson responded "Either way, everyone who works in the kitchen speaks Spanish."
"Meet Sir Oinks-A-lot, the beloved mascot of Springfield A&M. Here he is presiding over last year's homecoming. Here he is conferring an honorary degree on Richard Nixon. And here he is rolling in his own filth. Gentlemen, I propose we kidnap Sir Oinks-A-lot..." Bart Simpson replied.
"Heh, heh. Stick it to the man. No, wait!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Uh huh.", Homer Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner responded: "Yes, Seamus. Ninety minutes of watching a man drink in a bathtub."
"Yes, dear." Homer Simpson replied.
"All right, sweetie. But if I wake up tomorrow we'll discuss it.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "You take that back!"
"I'd like to see that." Homer Simpson answered.
"Jeepers creepers, pop my peeper!", Ned Flanders answered.
"I really hate this neighborhood.", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "Oh Bart, you fall for that every six months."
"But what if someone bad tells me to...", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Goodnight, Marge." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "You, let's love. Now!"
"Um, can I be excused from holding up my end of the conversation?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered "No.... well, we used to have burping contests, but I outgrew it."
Homer Simpson: "Please, Bart. You've gotta use your powers! I'm beggin' ya!"
"Stupid, selfish Bart. Like he's ever gonna do another nice thing for me...", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Uninspired."
"Usually when I do something bad, I feel good. But not this time. Martin was like Jesus -- only real!" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Hot tubs!"
"Stupid risks are what make life worth living. Now your mother, she's the steady type, and that's fine in small doses. But me, I'm a risk taker. And that's why I have so many adventures.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "Your lack of bedroom pizzazz last night started me worrying. So I hired this nutritionist, Betsy Bidwell."
"I hear that." Homer Simpson responded.
"I need to be alone right now." Marge Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak replied "Wow, that's the best book I've ever seen!"
"Lisa, you're not buying more than your weight in books.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "I'd be too nervous. Have you noticed that she's kinda hot?"
"Homer, this is our house." Marge Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner: "There's no hope for you, Simpson. You'll be locked in detention until you graduate to the penal system."
Lisa Simpson said: "Well, I guess you can't beat big business. There's just no room for the little guy."
Homer Simpson said: "Bust my hump all week... stupid grass... supposed to be the boy's job."
Lisa Simpson: "Yes I did. Now I'm going to bed."
Bart Simpson responded "Who's gonna stop me?"
Homer Simpson replied "Killdozers."
Marge Simpson replied "You were carjacked in the church parking lot?!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Precisely."
Bart Simpson answered "I know."
"No... I thought... I thought, uh, I'd chauffeur myself this evening! Yes, that's what I thought. How difficult can it be? I'm sure the manual will indicate which lever is the velocitator and which the deceleratrix." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Bart Simpson answered "Well, I agree you blow."
Ned Flanders replied "That was my spatula!"
"How many people want Homer banned from this place for life?" Moe Szyslak said.
Marge Simpson replied "Hmmm, Lisa needs to go to the museum tomorrow, and I think you should take her."
Marge Simpson: "Well, thanks for watching Maggie. I just ordered Homer's anniversary gift."
"To protect and sever?" Lisa Simpson said.
"Can't hassle us, pig. We're goin' the speed limit. Oink, oink, oink.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Oh, I'd love to go with you, honey, but I've got a lot of work to do around the bed."
Homer Simpson responded: "But that's Barney's seat. Are you tryin' to make me the new Barney?"
"This is fun!", Marge Simpson answered.
"Well, lessee now... uh, time was, you'd send a boy off to war. Shootin' a man'd fix him right up. But there's not even any wars no more thank you very much Warren Christopher!", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Would you do the honors...?", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Yeah, and the great prices at that new rib joint were the surprise of the evening.", Marge Simpson said.
"Excellent. So we'll take the boy and make a night of it.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, come on, relax, I won't embarrass you."
"Well, maybe Lisa does have a point. I don't mind you boys doing this in the living room, but in court doesn't Bart have to tell the truth?" Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Don't know, don't care."
Lisa Simpson responded: "No! No! No! Get off! Get off! Get off!"
Lisa Simpson: "Five-minutes-more-ious!"
"What?!", Marge Simpson said.
"Because Mr. Flanders volunteered to take the senior citizens out for ice cream.", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "She's not afraid of bunnies."
Homer Simpson said: "Next time a commercial comes on, I'm gonna close my eyes, cover my ears and scream as loud as I can."
Ned Flanders: "Reverend, we want you to come back."
Homer Simpson replied: "Go, go make magic. You just go."
"But it's a thousand bucks... Burns would can my butt in no time flat.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "Selma, she's beautiful!"
Homer Simpson responded: "What the?"
"The ballot box?!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Better yet, you have to mow my lawn in your wife's Sunday dress."
"We got money!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Bart!... BART!!!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Ooh, a redneck bar."
"Shut up and hand me more Moe-heads." Moe Szyslak answered.
"Back of the line, stranger!" Bart Simpson responded.
"Hey, give it back!", Bart Simpson responded.
"No problem, just some cobwebs." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Actually, I was supposed to be back last week. We'll just wait for the call from human resources."
Marge Simpson said "Ohhh.. my, you're burning up, and your cheeks are so swollen. I think you have the mumps. I'm calling Doctor Hibbert."
Homer Simpson replied: "We mean it, don't move."
Homer Simpson responded: "Boy, you like this necklace I just bought?"
Homer Simpson responded "What do I get? What do I get? It's not another punch in the face is it? Because if it is, I don't want it."
Lisa Simpson said: "They must have just made this a toll road."
Seymour Skinner said "I understand. It can be very difficult for a woman to propose marriage. But I am willing to go halvsies on a ring."
"I'm ruined!", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Yes! I'm so happy I lived to see this day! He did give her the kiss of death, right?" Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "Oh, no!"
Homer Simpson replied: "It's got great high ceilings."
Bart Simpson responded: "I like the beat -- play me the tune."
Marge Simpson responded: "Oh, Homer."
"Not this month! Edna signed us up for a tango class. It was the only way I could avert wine tasting." Ned Flanders responded.
"Thank you for the tour of your factory, Mister Wonka." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Look Moe, the least you could let me do is anything I want."
"Got your nose." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "And that's my cue to exit."
Lisa Simpson responded "It's a tribute to the trailblazing women who made our country great... See, there's Georgia O'Keefe... Susan B. Anthony... and this is Marjorie Stoneman Douglas. I'm sure you haven't heard of her, but she worked her whole life to preserve the Florida Everglades."
Lisa Simpson responded "THREE AWESOME KIDS AND A LIFE OF REGRET!"
"What the?! Stupid calendar. First you put the Fourth of July on Sunday, and now this! Ooh, we're gonna discuss this later!", Homer Simpson replied.
"So, Mr. Burns never realized it was Maggie who saved the plant?", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Ow! Son of a...", Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "Okay."
"Hmm... This doesn't look so bad.", Homer Simpson said.
"Wow, a house made of gingerbread!", Bart Simpson answered.
"My mother... my bully... my God!", Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "DO YOU THINK THAT I COULD BE AN ARTIST IN THE CITY?"
Bart Simpson said "...And then he raked me across the chest. And the weirdest thing was, it was that school janitor who mysteriously disappeared -- Groundskeeper Willie."
Homer Simpson answered: "Look everybody, yesterday was a real eye-opener. We've got to do better as a family. So tonight we're not going to shovel food in our mouths while we stare at the TV. We're going to eat at the dining room table like a normal family."
"I think I swallowed a toothpick.", Ned Flanders replied.
"Well, then, you are free to go." Seymour Skinner responded.
"No! That bridge has a troll under it!", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Hiya, Stretch! What's the good word?"
"Oh, yeah.", Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Friends? Hah! These are my only friends..."
Homer Simpson answered: "Mmmm. Fan-fugu-tastic."
"I'm caught on something!" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "Do I have to be dead before you'll help me?"
"Lisa, don't feel bad. Judas betrayed Jesus but he still got paid." Homer Simpson responded.
"Finally, a woodcutter that will do what I tell him." Homer Simpson replied.
"Stay out of this, Lisa. Marge, I've made up my mind. I'll do your job for a day, and you do mine. Then we'll see who has it tougher.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "But it's just you and me... That must mean I'm your boss. I'm sick of you! You're fired!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Ooh, but Bart could screw everything up..."
Marge Simpson said: "Vendetta means... vendetta!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Forget it. He releases the hounds on every charity that comes to his door: Feed the Children, Save the Whales, even Release the Hounds."
Lisa Simpson: "It was so exciting -- I actually got applause for being smart!"
"Why you...", Homer Simpson replied.
"But we didn't enter any police raffle.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, I'm gonna get you for that, you little scamp!"
"Ooh, look how late it is. Let's get you kids some coffee." Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "I'll save you, Dad."
"Sounds like you had a good day today, Dad.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "No."
Marge Simpson replied "Roger was telling the truth!"
"Ow!", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "It's dark down here."
Homer Simpson replied: "What's the hardest model there is?"
Homer Simpson: "Ohh... Ahh..."
Bart Simpson answered "The man knows quality work."
"Well that was an antique. Crap.", Moe Szyslak said.
"High-five me, Marge!" Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "Dad, what do we do?!"
"Opinion noted. Now if you don't mind, your father and I are trying to lose ourselves in this romantic fantasy." Marge Simpson replied.
"Mom, can I have two hundred bucks for a two-fifty-six K GameStation? That's less than a dollar a K!" Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Now let's not get mushy, son. I still have a job to do."
Lisa Simpson said: "That's not really you, Dad. He's just a fictional character who happens to have the same name."
"What's the big deal? He sees a thousand times worse on that animal channel." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Ow! Ow! Ow! Oh! Ah! Ow! Ow! Owww! That really hurt."
Moe Szyslak replied "Yeah, you're right. You shouldn't be wasting your time with a low-life like me."
"You know, Fox turned into a hard-core sex channel so gradually, I didn't even notice." Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "Uh, nothing."
"Huh?" Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "AND IT REALLY DOES BLOW..."
Homer Simpson said: "Comic Book Guy! Don't do the crime if you can't do the key lime!"
Bart Simpson: "Exciting, exciting. I just have one question: is curling a real thing?"
Marge Simpson responded "NOOOOOOOO!!"
Bart Simpson: "But I gotta tell ya, Adam and Eve must have been the first bookkeepers. They invented the loose leaf system."
Ned Flanders answered: "And bless your humble home."
"Hi, Mr. Hurlbut.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Aw, looks like Mr. Pretzel Man is doing pretty well for himself."
Marge Simpson responded "Everyone agreed that Lisa was a beautiful baby..."
C. Montgomery Burns: "... yes, not bad."
"Again, I maintain that money would be better spent on car insurance." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Hey, Otto-man! Oooh, what's that?", Bart Simpson said.
"Smithers!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"I think this is the perfect job for the new you, Willie. It requires sophistication, tact, and you get to meet the highest class of people.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "No peeking. I'm wai-ting."
"Edna won't even let me clap her erasers." Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson said "Canyonero..."
"Cool.", Bart Simpson said.
"Marge, I'm not gonna lie to you..." Homer Simpson replied.
"Wow. I don't believe the Simpsons will be shopping at the Kwik-E-Mart anymore.", Homer Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak answered: "So Lenny, let's say you pull a thorn out of the Pope's butt and he grants ya one wish. What'll it be?"
"Woo hoo! Underpants dinner!" Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns: "What is this? What are you doing?"
Moe Szyslak answered: "Thorn?"
"... And then, of course, there's Mom, who sounds something like this." Bart Simpson responded.
"Well, according to this, he's tellin' the truth.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "Lisa, that's a filthy habit."
"I'll plug your hole. I mean, eureka!", Homer Simpson answered.
"We'll see about that, mate." Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Got that cat right in the leg."
"Thanks everybody! It's great to be sane.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh no! I won't be able to help you pack up Grampa!" Homer Simpson said.
"It's not boring. He's passionate about government.", Marge Simpson said.
"Apu has a rich life here in Springfield: a store full of great products, a lovely him-type wife, and eight super kids: Anoop, Sandeep, Nabendu, Gheet, Pria, Uma, Poonam, Sashi--" Homer Simpson answered.
"Yes!" Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "Because of your stupid accent?"
Marge Simpson replied: "But we never ever..."
Bart Simpson responded "I got my ticket."
Marge Simpson responded: "All right, we'll give the dogs one more chance. As long as the puppies don't do anything else wrong, they stay. On a completely unrelated topic, I'm having a very, very important dinner party tonight."
"Yes what?", Bart Simpson answered.
"And that makes a what?", Moe Szyslak said.
"I'll never get rid of this useless junk." Marge Simpson answered.
"...The grace of the Lord Jesus be with God's people. The End." Ned Flanders replied.
"That's enough.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Really?", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "It's like, realsville, Daddy-o."
Bart Simpson responded "I am playing in the tournament."
Homer Simpson said: "Don't worry, Marge. We'll get 'em. Unless we die on this icy mountain road. Then they've won forever."
Bart Simpson responded: "We found a secret room that was filled to the ceiling with parachute pants. I'm wearing some now."
Bart Simpson said: "Gentlemen, we just created a myth."
"Can't lose that. It's the best picture of me I have.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "Thank you!"
Ned Flanders replied: "Homer, you obviously went to a lot of trouble, but dating? It just feels way too soon."
"That's my number!", Homer Simpson said.
"I understand. You have standards.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Wow, it's ours?", Bart Simpson responded.
"Listen, you lousy bum, if I ever get hold of you, I swear, I'll cut your belly open!", Moe Szyslak responded.
"I wonder who that could... beeee!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Oh! What the -- an enjoyment buzzer?!" Seymour Skinner said.
"But Homer, tonight's our reception for Queen Beatrice of the Netherlands.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Better lie low, my sweet red friend."
Lisa Simpson responded: "In the history of soccer, he's the only parent to ever take sides against his own kid, and he was right. He made me a better person, because that's what heroes do."
Marge Simpson responded: "No."
Seymour Skinner: "Sel-ma."
Lisa Simpson replied "Bye Mom!"
Bart Simpson: "Just cuttin' through the treacle."
Marge Simpson replied "He's nothing but hard bronze muscle."
Marge Simpson responded "Of course I saved them."
"Nothing like a tall glass of luke-warm water to Jekyll down this Hyde.", Ned Flanders said.
Seymour Skinner responded "Well, you're in for a whale of a show tonight. I'd like to point out that the doors are now locked, so you parents can't sneak out of the show after your own child has performed. Oh, and let me caution the people in the first five rows, you will get wet."
"I'm Class President." Homer Simpson replied.
"Your point being?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh, I'm going to miss this." Marge Simpson answered.
"Dad! Please, you gotta quit while you're ahead. You understand that, take all your money and leave now." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "Wow, your first day at the new school! Lisa, have fun! Bart, don't!"
"Big grins!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Heck no, the Amish did it. Who knows more about electricity than the Amish?"
"Aw, I'd love to see New York. We could all go with the bus company's special Supersitter Fare!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"The show starts at three. You promise you'll be here?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Don't you dare go limp!", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "What's a cuckold?"
Lisa Simpson said "Help!"
Homer Simpson responded "That's it."
Ned Flanders said "Church songs with clapping... I don't think this is what Martin Presbyluther had in mind when he founded our religion by sticking his Three Suggestions under the Pope's windshield wiper."
"Good Lord. He's gotten into the Pep Closet!" Seymour Skinner answered.
Bart Simpson said "Well, Dad, since you are taking an interest in us, maybe I should tell you..."
"Homer?", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "Mom! Dad! I saw Sideshow Bob and he threatened to kill me!"
"Ow! That's it!", Ned Flanders answered.
"Whattaya got, Marge? Insurance scam?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Look, Smithers... crackle-berries! Spot me a federal, will you?", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson responded "What happened is you left! Who did you leave me for? Tell me. I can take it."
"Thanks. I still can't believe the yellow and red cards don't stand for mustard and ketchup.", Homer Simpson answered.
"I'll sign your petition!" C. Montgomery Burns said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "What!?"
"Milhouse jumped off a cliff? I'm there!", Bart Simpson answered.
"Easy on the zeal, church-os! I've got something to say.", Bart Simpson said.
"What's going on?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"How's she doin' that?", Bart Simpson answered.
"Give yourself a wedgie." Bart Simpson responded.
"I got your tooth, Dad!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Boy, it's great being here without those children of yours.", Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak said "I POURED SOME ONIONS / INSIDE MY TROUSERS..."
"These are all fast food jobs." Bart Simpson said.
"Homer, you've got to stop pretending this is your house. You're not a billionaire.", Marge Simpson replied.
"To get to Duff Gardens, I'd ride with Satan himself.", Bart Simpson replied.
"That is the stupidest...", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "... will now be chub night."
Marge Simpson replied "What are you going to spend your money on, kids?"
Bart Simpson replied "Uh, please don't hug me. It sickens me."
Lisa Simpson replied "That means Dad's not a kidnapper. He's a hostage."
"The year was 1860, and the Underground Railroad was..." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Kids, I want to explain about the stadium. Y'see, sometimes Moms and Dads get a little... well, accustomed to each other.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Yes?"
"Hey, there have been plenty of female managers in baseball! Connie Mack, Sandy Alomar, Terry Francona, Pinky Higgins--" Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Huh? What are you talking about?"
"Okay, good, we're talking...", Homer Simpson responded.
"Should I just back out of the room?", Marge Simpson said.
"Don't worry, Joey. We'll make it to California some day." Homer Simpson replied.
"No." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Even Flanders agrees! This is our neighborhood. We were here first, so you should leave."
"Are we gonna die, son?" Homer Simpson replied.
"I'm just so honored to have you here in our home." Marge Simpson answered.
"Smithers, step on it!", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson responded "This could come in handy. But let me check that list of things Marge said never to bring home. Dogs, cats, octopuses, octopi, octopuseseses..."
"Yes. Of course." Bart Simpson answered.
"Oh, couldn't be better." Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Hey, there's always room at Buzzard's Roost."
Homer Simpson responded: "Lisa! The Blob has got me! Don't touch me, or he'll get you too!"
"Woo hoo! Who would've guessed reading and writing would pay off?" Homer Simpson replied.
"I'unno... Lotta barefoot kids kicking soccer balls, shell necklaces... they really hid the poverty nicely.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "How could you publish this? I thought we were friends!"
Marge Simpson replied "What happened to Grampa? He was supposed to baby-sit."
"It's broken, Mom. Mom, it's broken. Mom, it's broken. Mom, it's broken. Mom, it's broken. Mom, it's broken." Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "I'll have one drink, one cocktail and one booze, please."
Homer Simpson replied: "Ruff Ruff! I'm Poochie the rockin' dog."
Moe Szyslak replied "It ain't candy, it's a lamb chop wrapped in foil."
"I know, I know." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Oh, man. This is the hottest Easter ever."
C. Montgomery Burns replied "But treating employees like human beings... that is madness!"
"Next!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Does kissing Milhouse count?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "I want to tell you but I promised to keep it a secret."
Marge Simpson said: "That's drug talk! But I could be mistaken. Let me just listen to a little more, out of context."
"Aw, don't cry." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "I can't promise I'll try. But I'll try to try."
Lisa Simpson said: "Oh, Bart. Don't say things you can't take back."
"Honey, you look fine.", Marge Simpson said.
"No." Homer Simpson answered.
"I'm taking it on a test drive from the boat store! Get in!", Homer Simpson said.
"I can't back out. This is for a cause that's bigger than I am. If Gandhi could go without eating for a whole three-hour movie, I can do this. Besides, I'm a woman. He'll probably go easy on me." Marge Simpson replied.
"How did you make it?" Marge Simpson responded.
"How's your back, Homie?" Marge Simpson answered.
"YOU GOT IT, BUDDY!", Homer Simpson replied.
"And y'all hardly ever bicker anymore." Marge Simpson responded.
"Thinking is for losers!", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Someone must be watching on another TV."
Bart Simpson said "No."
Homer Simpson responded "Look at me, I use a napkin."
"Your dress is covered with pins.", Bart Simpson said.
"Here ya go! Here I am! Uncle Moe! Thank ya Ma'am! This'll be a treat! Uncle Moe! Here I am! While you eat!" Moe Szyslak answered.
"Mm. Well, goodnight, Maude. I mean, Maude. I mean, Rachel. I mean, Maude.", Ned Flanders responded.
"I know we built a secret passage in here somewhere.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "So... you guys are proud of what you are?"
Ned Flanders said: "That cuts the mustard with me."
"Oh, Sweetie. This is the best present a mother could get." Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "You have octuplets. It rolls off your tongue and into your heart: octuplets."
"Gentleman doesn't ask, lady doesn't tell. Now all I need is one for Martin Luther King Day." Bart Simpson said.
"Why that little..." Homer Simpson replied.
"I lost myself to what?" Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Now we're cookin' with wind!"
C. Montgomery Burns replied "However, I can take that off by dusting my hands thusly."
"That doesn't look like her body." Bart Simpson answered.
"...and that's how Berber carpet got its name, according to some. Lisa, how was your day?", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "Come on, mister. Can you help me?"
"Yeah. Just answer me this: Are you holding your mooching sack?", Ned Flanders answered.
Marge Simpson said "Oh Bart, you could use some new underwear too."
"Here I am a millionaire, and I can't even help the woman who gave birth to me.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Sorry. Wrong button.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Ew! Nasty!" Homer Simpson said.
"A CAMPING WE WILL GO..." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "I was born a Rollin' Eighty, and I'll die a Rollin' Eighty."
"That might be a good idea, but then again, you thought it up. Eh, why not?", Bart Simpson said.
"Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Let's go to Moe's. We'll walk and punch.", Homer Simpson responded.
"And Dad, you look totally classy. You could be Abe Lincoln's father's boss!", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Lisa, honey, when my family first came to this state, they had a choice of living in Springfield or Stenchburg. You know why they chose Springfield? Because everyone knows Jebediah Springfield was a true American hero. End of story."
"Will that girl ever shut up? Okay, Marge. I'll plan everything. We can have the reception at Moe's. Wait, why not have the whole wedding there? We'll do it on a Monday morning -- there'll be fewer drunks.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Sure, why not?"
Homer Simpson replied "You have that on tape?!"
Moe Szyslak said: "I can't tell if that was love, suicide or a really boring videogame."
"Dad, I can't let you sell him. Stampy and I are friends.", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Can I have it for thirty-five?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Man, you are a nutcracker. But I've learned something tonight: you know how everyone hates being with their family on Christmas? Well, being without them is worse. Can you find it in your wooden heart to give me a break?"
Marge Simpson answered "And don't take candy from strangers."
"I've never been so sure of anything in my life. I am going to win this lottery.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "Look at her. Must be great to be a baby and be so easily amused."
"Yeah." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "DRIVER OF A LOANER CAR / MUCH BETTER THAN A / DRIVER OF MY NORMAL CAR..."
"Directory assistance?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "And now I give you... the Zoominator!"
"So, I guess you wouldn't mind if I was to dig a hole of my own.", Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner answered "Hey!"
"Fine. Play the tape. Then everyone can see you've got the wrong boy." Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "I'd like 25 copies on goldenrod, 25 on canary, 25 on saffron, and 25 on paella."
"No. We're gonna follow them across this great land, making sure they don't have one moment of fun." Lisa Simpson said.
"You know anything about... Bus Twenty-three?", Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied "Let me explain. I have a chance for a grim but tolerable life, but only if I give up hope. Now if you don't mind, and with all due worship, I would like to be alone."
"Abe... we found your storage locker.", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Here's a bus ticket to Juarez and your fake I.D."
"Where are you really going?", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "Wow! I wish I had an elephant."
"Ah, man, that would really keep your head dry." Bart Simpson answered.
"You are never going to guess what I saw at Martin's party after you guys left! You know that playhouse? Well, I..." Bart Simpson said.
"Oh, that." Homer Simpson responded.
"It's a little tight.", Homer Simpson said.
"Thank God I wore the underwear with the hole on the side.", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "I think it's supposed to symbolize her descent into madness."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Challenge accepted!"
"No, no. This candidate has to be unbelievably ridiculous.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Hello... hold on." Lisa Simpson replied.
"What difference could it make? He hit the friggin' Queen!", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Candied apple!"
Marge Simpson answered "Homer, I've been thinking about what Bart said. If he's really interested in being a musician, maybe we should BUY him A GUITAR."
"What's with the belt, Mom?" Bart Simpson replied.
"Yes. I humiliate myself for fistfuls of cash." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "It's mergatronic, Daddy-Ho."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Wait, I have an idea! One of us can go undercover as a nun and infiltrate the convent."
"What?!" Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "Bart! Put down that yellow sweater! Nobody's going near their presents until 7 o'clock tomorrow morning."
"Wow, Dad was so cute as a baby." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Tunnel!"
"Well, I think -- in these days of petro-terrorists and ozone depletion -- a Sunday drive reeks of bio-hubris." Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded "Hmmm... Pablo Neruda said laughter is the language of the soul."
Homer Simpson said "I'll always be there. Not even death will stop me."
"Well, I was kind of ungrateful. You did save my life." Homer Simpson replied.
"Wait -- if I remember my Heloise, the trick to getting out gum is peanut butter.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Look at those two inseparable chums, Smithers. That's exactly the teamwork we'd like to showcase at this year's Energy Convention." C. Montgomery Burns said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Attention, the school is now under kid control. You are hereby ordered to go nuts!"
"Ohhh..." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "I gotta stop Marge from doing something reckless and irresponsible."
Bart Simpson replied "You're not. Watch!"
"Homer, I don't want you driving around in a car you built yourself.", Marge Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns said "I heard that."
Bart Simpson: "Yes I am."
"I do.", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "Lis, you saved us!"
Marge Simpson responded "To give these Germans das boot? Jawohl!"
Lisa Simpson: "Dad, this clears you completely!"
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Please, do go on..."
"All right, Lisa, you got your way. Your mom's going to a psychiatrist. She's gonna tell Marge to leave me. It'll break up the family, and you'll have to live with your grandmother and pick beans.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Okay, but there's... Dan Quayle and Courtney Love... Tanya Harding... Al Sharpton...?"
"Yeah... well just talk about sports!", Homer Simpson replied.
"I am so tired of that tautology.", Marge Simpson responded.
"We'll take lemon." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Hey, that guy in first class is taking a TV out of his armrest."
"Oh doctor, I was in a wonderful place filled with fire and brimstone. And there were all these guys in red pajamas sticking pitchforks in my butt." Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns: "Stricken I lurched forth in search of aide."
"Bart! Your comic vendor's here!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Look at this place. Things have certainly changed since our ancestor Fievel came here."
"Is this a kid you'd pay ransom for?", Homer Simpson said.
"No, something fresh and bold.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"My Bart?" Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "I think you've got a point! Homie, I'm gonna be a dancer!"
Lisa Simpson answered: "What? No!"
Bart Simpson replied "Come on! This train goes right through Springfield!"
Bart Simpson replied "Hey, it's Lunchlady Doris. I wonder what she's got for us today. Today's special is refried dog poop."
"Look... uh... how 'bout we go to the pound, and get a puppy just for you?" Marge Simpson said.
"Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "I want you to hear what Malibu Stacy is telling a generation of little girls."
Homer Simpson said "Why do you keep picking on me? Marge's name was on that tax return, too."
"What if I just burn down a..." Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "Ladies and Gentlemen. Tonight, I'd like to harangue you about the plight of--"
Marge Simpson replied "Shut your eyes, they're too bright."
Bart Simpson answered: "Dad, I'm asking if I can get a job."
"Wait!! Wait! My children are in there!", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Oh, I have a funny feeling we will. Wherever people are mistreated, the Pie Man will strike!"
"And what if he's not? Then we'd look like idiots.", Homer Simpson said.
"He also happens to be Toot-Toot's son.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Have a good time at your hippie club."
Seymour Skinner responded: "But it wasn't clouds and angels playing harps like at the end of so many Three Stooges shorts. It was a golden elementary school, with a teacher's lounge that stretched as far as the eye could see. And no one was ever tardy."
Marge Simpson answered "I don't recognize that name."
Homer Simpson replied: "Okay Lisa, comin' up to make things better!"
"Why you little..." Homer Simpson responded.
"Let me rephrase that. Is it wrong if I cheat in order to win a million dollar bet?" C. Montgomery Burns said.
"You just made yourself a very powerful enemy, old man." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Seymour Skinner replied "Uh-oh, here he comes. Now this won't be easy, but pretend I'm a jerk."
"Okay, but talk like this.", Homer Simpson replied.
"That's nice. What kind of favor?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Are you gonna fire me for swiping office supplies?" Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns said "Excellent. Now, to the matter at hand. Who will we put up for young Wilcox's congressional seat?"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Can I have my allowance early? I need to buy some carbon-offset credits so I can burn all my Angelica Button books."
Homer Simpson responded: "Sorry."
Homer Simpson answered "Hey, it was fun. My kids are sick of all my stories. But they just can't get enough of me!"
"I hope you learned something here." Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson: "Shake it off, Buck!"
"What? It goes right by our house." Homer Simpson replied.
"Very nicely said, Homer.", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "Silence, Seymour. We're in charge now. Your reign of fussiness is over."
"We can't wait to see it, sweetie." Homer Simpson replied.
"Superintendent Chalmers, you never forgave me for that time we wore the same Hawaiian shirt to that luau!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Oh, twenty dollars. I wanted a peanut."
Bart Simpson said: "Cool!"
"Come on, Nelson! You must think and feel things. I mean, look where we are: a rolling green hillside, the stars coming out like God is lighting a million tiny candles, the moon looking down on us as if to say...", Lisa Simpson said.
"Okay, I'm up again.", Homer Simpson said.
"Meh." Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Eh, I gave my oysters to the cat."
Marge Simpson responded "Take my hand!"
"James Patterson!", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Lisa's mad at me, and now she's using Marge's maiden name instead of mine."
"Don't worry, Mom. I'm sure he'll be okay." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "What? Pulitzer Prize application form?"
"In a second, Homer. Lisa has some good news." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Ow! Oh no, I'm being erased!"
"I own stock?" Homer Simpson said.
"Now give it back." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Seymour Skinner answered: "Good morning class. A certain agitator -- for privacy's sake let's call her Lisa S. -- No, that's too obvious. Uh, let's say L. Simpson -- has raised questions about certain school policies. So in the interest of creating an open dialogue, sit silently and watch this film."
"They've taken away our crepe paper.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"I've got to apologize. Once again, sleeping at work has saved my marriage!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, it feels so good to talk to another human being. Stupid Flanders." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "Now it's a collection of candle kiosks and Persian CD stores."
"I don't want to be a Panicky Pete, but it's Sunday and I haven't been to church yet." Ned Flanders said.
Homer Simpson answered "I'm gonna get my revenge! And if I get caught, I'm pinning it on the baby like the time I shot Mr. Burns."
Homer Simpson answered "There. Done and done."
"Really? You want my help? Marge, did you hear that? Mel Gibson wants my help! Mel Gibson!" Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "I just wanted to see what it was like. Howdy, y'all. If you don't like mah song, I'll spray ya with ink!"
"C'mon. You and the kids always wanna do fun stuff, but today we're doing something I like.", Marge Simpson said.
"Ooo, that could be the one.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Ooh! We can wear those to the nice mall!" Marge Simpson replied.
"Hmm. I'd rather do both." C. Montgomery Burns said.
"All right, Marge. Maybe we're being a little too choosy about who our kids spend the rest of their lives with. We'll take what we can get.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Ow!"
"I choose to waive that right.", Homer Simpson responded.
"I know, but we didn't.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Hello!"
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Simpson, eh? I'll remember that name."
"Oh, Homie, you couldn't keep up a hunger strike. You eat while you brush your teeth. You're eating a huge sausage right now.", Marge Simpson answered.
"I don't want to talk to you, Mr. Burns.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "Pound him, Dad!"
Lisa Simpson answered "What are you guys doing?"
Seymour Skinner: "He's a... he's a..."
Ned Flanders: "So... I'm sure you missed Marge last night."
"I'm so proud! My dad will be the grand finale of the Thanksgiving Day Parade." Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "Well, when monsoon season comes, you'll be glad it's there."
Homer Simpson answered "Are you gonna ask us our major malfunctions? 'Cause mine is I care too much."
Marge Simpson responded: "Ned, there's more to the Bible than blood and gore."
"Just put on the KISS record." Marge Simpson answered.
"Don't come off all high and mighty with me, Patterson. You can't scare me, with your office and your desk and your lamp.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "They made it back to the house?! How?!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "I've grown a futuristic tomato by fertilizing it with Anabolic steroids."
Homer Simpson responded "I don't know anything about struts."
"Oh, brilliant. A cash settlement. I could have figured that out, you button-down maggot." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"...Homer Simpson!", Seymour Skinner responded.
"Aw, he loves beer." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "You bet your sweet... ass!"
Lisa Simpson responded "You know, shrimp aren't all that removed from grasshoppers. They're both arthropods..."
"They sure did... casino management.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Mom, what's going on?", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "No, sir."
"No Homie, no. I still love you. A lot of couples take separate vacations." Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "Don't open it, Homie! It's a virus!"
"How about town crier? You'd be great at that." Lisa Simpson answered.
"If I want to resume fracking...", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"You can have the shower to yourself, Homie. I'm finished." Marge Simpson responded.
"Listen you little puke. One of these days I'm gonna catch you, and I'm gonna carve my name on your back with an ice pick.", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Mmmm, beer... What?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "I'm sure it's nothing."
C. Montgomery Burns: "Mattingly, I thought I told you to trim those sideburns. Go home! You're off the team! For good!"
Marge Simpson answered "Maggie."
Homer Simpson said: "I am Homer Simpson."
Marge Simpson: "There, there... the fact that you tried means everything."
"...and a mint for afterwards.", Seymour Skinner replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "What about Abraham Lincoln?"
"Look, if this is about your camcorder -- I lost it, okay?" Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "Mr. Smithers! Mr. Smithers! That moose is on fire!"
"Yes, but I have a little secret. I've obtained a rare, powerful aphrodisiac." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Good luck surviving without me!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Go ahead and smile, smart guy. I'm gonna mop you up like turkey gravy."
Lisa Simpson answered "Bones!"
"Hey bar-boy, dance around like an idiot. Like this!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Dirty diapers on strings!" Homer Simpson said.
"I heard she mates with men, then eats them.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "Get out."
Marge Simpson replied "Well, if you're through, let's check out that discount book warehouse."
Marge Simpson answered: "What will become of our kids?"
"Oh, you guys make everything fun." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "You hit him high, I'll hit him low!"
Seymour Skinner: "It is with great joy and a sense of once again everything is back to where it started, that we welcome our once and future Groundskeeper... Willie!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Ah, let's watch something else."
"We come in peace. We takem your land.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "Oh no, it's raining! And Maggie's diapers are extra-absorbent!"
"You're welcome to come, too.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "Is it in a safe neighborhood?"
"She has no friends." Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "Listen, Bub. I have something to say to you, and it can't wait."
Bart Simpson answered: "As long as I can dig you up and stick you on the front porch every Halloween."
Homer Simpson answered "Worrywart Marge. You don't look a Trojan Horse in the mouth."
"Homer, that's Hans Moleman.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "You will too!"
"The book fair?" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Say... Wayne, I couldn't help but notice that your breath doesn't smell like alcohol. You want to go grab a beer after work?"
"Homer?" Ned Flanders responded.
Marge Simpson responded "We can talk about that after brunch with my mother."
"If I had won Class President, I'd be the one getting thrown up in the air right now.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "I guess you might say he's barking up the wrong bush. Heh heh heh."
"Geez. You're pretty uppity for someone who eats bugs all day.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Dad, I don't have the right words to say how I really feel about you, but at least I know how to beat up a guy who does." Homer Simpson said.
"Woo hoo! Mom finally stopped caring!" Bart Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns: "Bah! I'll just do it the old-fashioned way. With my pump."
"I'm laughing already.", Moe Szyslak said.
Moe Szyslak replied: "Yeah, all right, listen up! This is the busiest drinkin' day of the year. Where are the designated drivers?"
Homer Simpson: "Hmmm, bait."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Did I forget to mention yoooouuu?"
"Go back to your own country!" Marge Simpson answered.
"That could work." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Yeah, I can't believe all those years I used to drive that old piece of... What the?!"
Bart Simpson: "Dad!"
"Something's growing.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"All I have left is my drawing.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"You just don't want to take that test.", Marge Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "How much would you charge to work for me?"
"Ah geez, and ya got the stink lines and everything.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"We were just sitting on the couch, quietly chatting, when we heard a creaking noise.", Bart Simpson said.
"The day after that, then." Seymour Skinner responded.
"So, as soon as you get back, we steal the car, right?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Don't mind if I do."
Bart Simpson answered: "No."
Homer Simpson answered: "Ooo!"
"None of you? Really? I could have sworn that Ramrod...", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Hey Flanders, when are your busy hours?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Stupid carbon rod. It's all just a popularity contest."
"Stampy, quick! Pull him out!" Bart Simpson responded.
"Follow instructions? He's doomed!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Huh?"
Seymour Skinner responded "Blast! I took mother's makeup kit by mistake."
Seymour Skinner answered "Well why don't I drink out of a toilet bowl?"
Bart Simpson: "But don't people hate cowards?"
"Why you little...! Um, I'm sorry, Judge. That's a rare lapse in my normally calm demeanor." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "No."
Marge Simpson answered: "And treated like I deserve."
"Yeah, yeah, yeah two. Let's get to the baby pictures.", Marge Simpson said.
"Look, if I could just spend a few days in my room without anyone trying to cheer me up, I think I might have a chance to...", Lisa Simpson answered.
"That's what you're smelling, Homer! Oh, if it weren't for this blasted fog, we'd be saved!" Ned Flanders answered.
Homer Simpson: "Can I just say goodbye to him quick?"
"Lisa got to you. I don't know how, but she got to you.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "Did you really have to handcuff the children?"
Homer Simpson: "He rhymes! Oh, happy day!"
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh, my goodness..."
Bart Simpson replied "You bet. Check out this hand. All aces!"
"Honey, you've been in there all day. You gotta eat something. Why don't you come downstairs and cook dinner? Lasagna would be awesome. Marge?", Homer Simpson answered.
"No! No! No! Bad dog! Let go! Bad Santa's Little Helper! Stop it! No, not the sports section! No!" Homer Simpson answered.
"I want my kids in a decent school!", Marge Simpson responded.
"And on my free African safari, I want to do everything on this box." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Homer one, New York nothing."
Bart Simpson replied: "Look -- we're havin' pizza tomorrow!"
Lisa Simpson said "If every student pledges not to cheat, and to turn in any cheater, no one will cheat the system because they'll be the system."
Homer Simpson said "Ready as she'll ever be!"
Lisa Simpson answered: "It seemed like twenty."
Bart Simpson said "Here, boy! Come on!"
Lisa Simpson: "Neat!"
Ned Flanders replied "Eve, did you taste of the forbidden fruit?"
Bart Simpson said: "We want to call it a draw, man."
Bart Simpson replied "Deal."
"I'm toiling! What does it look like?", Marge Simpson answered.
"Isn't that clever? It looks like a Cadillac drove right into the building." Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson: "I can't. My Mom's not picking me up for an hour."
"Sir, this bus is too heavy to cross the ice bridge. They'll have to take a more circuitous route.", Seymour Skinner responded.
"No. The family Simpson, which has just five members. And only two of those members have special rings." Marge Simpson responded.
"End. All. Life. On. This. Planet." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Uh-huh, got it. Marge, I'm going to a hardcore gay club, and I won't be home till three in the morning!"
"Hey, Mom, would it help if ah talked lahk this, too?" Lisa Simpson said.
"Well, at least they're not fighting.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "No, no. It's just our basement."
"Oh. Okay, that's quite enough, it's not funny anymore.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Well, I see no way of settling this. I say we imprison them for the duration of our Bicentennial." Seymour Skinner answered.
"You're outta here, drug-o." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "Ah, cartoons, America's only native art form. I don't count jazz, 'cause it sucks."
Lisa Simpson responded "Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom!"
Bart Simpson said "Oh God, man! Here, drink this paint thinner."
Marge Simpson replied "They came in one at a time."
Ned Flanders said "Oh! Almost. Boy that was close."
"Really?" Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "Bart, you don't have to go anywhere today. I've got a surprise for you."
Homer Simpson answered "Totally scripted."
"Bart, there are a lot of troublemakers in this school... and Lord knows I can't be everywhere at once.", Seymour Skinner replied.
"What about that great feeling you get from knowing you're better than regular people?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "TV?"
Bart Simpson: "This is awesome! Black God rules!"
"Hmm...", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "Homie, can I talk to you for a second?"
"Hi-larious.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Bart Simpson replied "Not till we're bored with them! Now begone!"
"Sure, sure, Bob's your uncle. Let's just get outta here!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Amendments? Regulatory agencies? What the fark-bot?", Bart Simpson replied.
"So what should I do, Marge?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Who wants to eat a loser?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, I can't. I promised I wouldn't.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oooh. These look good. Guilt-Free Steakfish Filets." Marge Simpson responded.
"Ow! Knock it off you bald boob!", Bart Simpson said.
"Print name?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Y'ello, Hi, Lisa, what's wrong? The mumps? Oooh, the kissing disease! My little girl is growing up." Homer Simpson said.
"Hey, she's just giving the public what it wants. Bart by the barrel ful.", Bart Simpson said.
"Mayor, Fat Tony asked me to give you this--" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "It's not working."
"Ooh -- small hill. Pedal, pedal, pedal!", Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "Bart, you're seeing Krusty everywhere because you want to tell him you're sorry for causing his death. Would it help if I told you you're not responsible for Krusty's death?"
"Homer, how come you never sang a song like that to me before?", Marge Simpson responded.
"Well, it's better than that last Barbra Streisand movie." Marge Simpson said.
"Hey, I did that!" Bart Simpson replied.
"Boy, that story had everything, a giant, house crushing, meteor...", Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "Kids, the new phone books are here. And your picture's on the cover!"
"I'm sure what Dr. Hawking means is..." Seymour Skinner answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "But I'm going on a diet. From this day forward I pledge there will be no pork chop too succulent, no donut too tasty, no pizza too laden with delicious toppings, to prevent me from reaching my scientifically determined ideal weight! As God is my witness, I'll always be hungry again!"
"So, kids, what do you want to play?" Ned Flanders replied.
Marge Simpson answered "Are you comparing yourself to our Lord?"
"It's all about trust, honey." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Kids don't die!"
"How 'bout that one?" Bart Simpson replied.
"I'll handle this.", Ned Flanders replied.
"Ow! You're still doing it.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Now, kids -- I know you loved the old Poochie...but the new one's going to be better than ten Superbowls. I don't want to oversell it. Judge for yourselves."
"Just try and stop me." Ned Flanders replied.
"Um, excuse me sir, I lost my dog.", Bart Simpson answered.
"What is in this coffee?!" Seymour Skinner answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Explain later!"
"Well, those ivory tower eggheads have screwed us again. Let's just have some milk and go to bed..." Homer Simpson responded.
"Lisa! Breakfast! We're having waffles!", Marge Simpson answered.
"Martin Prince, report to my office at once!" Seymour Skinner said.
"Hey, also, I wanna....", Moe Szyslak replied.
Bart Simpson: "No one's doing any bumping. Time to ram-a-lam these ding dongs."
"Me too. Let's go to an authentic Japanese noodle house!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner responded: "One of your best, Ralph. Next up, we have Simpson, L.!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Why you little! I'll show you who's a Flabbi!"
"Hey, nametag! Do you know who her boyfriend is? Jimbo Jones!", Bart Simpson said.
"Marge, she's gonna narc on our stash.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "My biggest sin is that I dare to hope."
Marge Simpson responded "That's them. Now remember everyone, be understanding and forgiving for the sake of family unity."
"C'mon. You tell him right now. Ned, Homer has something to tell you." Marge Simpson said.
"Maggie! My sweet little angel!" Marge Simpson answered.
"I don't think so, son.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "I can't believe she ran away. And this isn't helping."
Homer Simpson answered: "Y'ello?"
Marge Simpson responded "Geez, so many dolphins..."
"A picture of me with a smiling child?! I can get my plant back!" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Uh, he was drinkin' at Harrigan's Bar down the street, there. They oughtta close that dump down." Moe Szyslak replied.
"How do you want your comeuppance: eight by ten or wallet size?" Homer Simpson responded.
"What's he yelling about?" Homer Simpson said.
"Ooh. Clean up. Now don't worry, everybody, this'll be a breeze if we all pitch in.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "Homer, don't you have any respect?"
"Hi, Mrs. Owl! You're out kind of early!" Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "So guys, before we hit Skinner's, I want to make a quick stop."
Homer Simpson said: "What? Our anniversary? Are you sure?"
"That's all right.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"I guess I'm not meant to own a cat. I'm much happier petting this leaf.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "No, I'm good."
"Hello, is Al there?", Bart Simpson responded.
"Michael?", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Knock 'em dead, boy! Kid's gonna be a black belt in no time.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Ahhh, another beautiful day in the womb. La-la-la-la--la-... ...la-la-la... la-la-la..."
Lisa Simpson said: "But wait, wait, wait! What is this?"
"Shut up! I didn't tell you to say that!" Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "To the Betty and Herbert Weinstein Pavilion!"
Bart Simpson responded "Not me."
Homer Simpson answered "Way to go! Many happy returns."
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Yes, yes, you're in the way! Are you daft, woman?"
"Look, I like Moe's the way it is, all right? And I ain't changin' it for any dame, skirt, Susie-Q, or face-macer.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"Woo hoo! Look, Marge! A couple of bucks!", Homer Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner responded: "Illinois! Eighteen fifty-eight! Please welcome, here to debate the important issues of the day, Stephen Douglas and Abraham Lincoln!"
"Let's see... Bart, Cart, Dart, Eeart... Nope, can't see any problem with that. Wow! I'll take that ring!" Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "This has been one of the most magical evenings of my life."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Mom, calm down. The party's not for another three hours."
"Pleasure doing business with you, H. S." Moe Szyslak answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "What?"
Bart Simpson said "Eh, I already got a system."
Lisa Simpson replied "Goodbye, Bluella! Send me a post card from Tierra Del Fuego!"
Homer Simpson: "Playing nursemaid to Chief Wiggum."
"HIS STRIKE ZONE'S THE SIZE / OF A TUNA FISH CAN...", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "See ya tomorrow, Teach."
C. Montgomery Burns responded "One hundred thousand dollars."
Homer Simpson: "That's more like it!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Sorry Marge, I gotta call bullcrap on that. The '69 Mets will live on forever, but you think anyone cares about Ron Swoboda's wife and kids? Not me -- and, I assume, not Ron Swoboda!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "I want you to shut off the logical part of your mind."
"Well, um, I'm kind of lost. Can you tell me where I am?" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Stupid fingers."
Marge Simpson said "It's for your own safety."
"Mel Brooks is Jewish?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Hi, I'm Lisa Simpson. I'm here to research a report on Jebediah.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Thanks a lot Carl. Now I've lost my train of thought."
"Mau! Didi mau!" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Here."
Homer Simpson responded "Nooooo!"
"I love you, Barney.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Bleeding Gums Murphy!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"The Simpsons are ridin' the rails!", Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner answered: "...spreading the rumor that today's lunch would be served by a naked lady..."
Lisa Simpson answered "Hey, Bouvier was Jackie Kennedy's maiden name."
"Homer works at a nuclear plant! He can help us get home!", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "Uh, Dad, I don't think the dog can handle any more bacon."
Bart Simpson responded "Are you Rory B. Bellows?"
Marge Simpson said "Oh, of course. It's thou shalt not... uh... covet... graven images... something about covet..."
Lisa Simpson: "I'm done."
"You've never supported mine!" Marge Simpson said.
"Homer! Look at this mob! The good toys are probably all gone.", Marge Simpson replied.
"No! Old people deserve our respect! Look at Jacques Cousteau and Goldie Hawn. You wouldn't shut them away like second-class citizens." Lisa Simpson said.
"What?", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "...And then he claimed he was the one who turned cats and dogs against each other. Why is he always making up those crazy stories?"
"The answer, sadly, is not yes.", Seymour Skinner responded.
"Aw, Barney." Homer Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders answered: "Oh, the lights, the noise, the letter X -- i-it's all designed to inflame the senses. I'm overstimulated! I gotta get out of this town!"
"If you're really a billionaire, give me the secret billionaire's handshake. Smithers, turn away.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Why you gotta... Come on! Ah! Now I'm gettin' the hang of this thing. I don't know why I didn't become a trucker before.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Wow! A big ugly head!", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Aw, Dad."
Homer Simpson answered: "I can't buy that. Only management type guys with big salaries like me can afford things like that. Guys like me? I'm a guy like me!"
Homer Simpson answered "Yeah, I can die all I want -- Frink's got Homers like the Tuileries has park benches. Huh? Wonder where I picked that up."
Marge Simpson replied "Homer, maybe I should drive."
"Hi. You know, Gramma really likes it when her boyfriends are nice to me. She especially likes it when they give me money.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Now you tell me.", Bart Simpson said.
"Who did this to my wall?" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "What's that?"
Lisa Simpson answered: "I am not sure if this letter will reach you as our lines of communication have been cut."
"How are you supposed to dial?" Marge Simpson said.
"Two at a time! Heart exploding." Homer Simpson said.
"I know! I'm working my way up to you." Homer Simpson responded.
"What's the point of putting my socks on? I just have to take them off again a week later." Homer Simpson said.
"Dad, is this from a meth lab?", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "Lisa, you do whatever your conscience tells you."
"What if I just do aerobics and ...", Marge Simpson answered.
"Oh no! What have I done? What am I doing? What will I do?!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Not yet, I'm not. You'll know when I'm driving. And it'll..."
"Oh my God! Maggie, you're talking!", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "Hi, Apu. Can I put this poster in your window?"
Marge Simpson answered "That man and his foolish pride! We've gotta go follow him."
Lisa Simpson: "Do you really think the turkey's just gonna climb onto the plate?"
Marge Simpson said: "Homer, you know I always try to put the best face on everything. But there's no face on that damn bean! We hate it here and the family wants to leave."
Bart Simpson answered: "Krusty, what's that monster?"
Ned Flanders: "Oh, that's not you talkin'. That's the honey-mustard dressing!"
"Well, at least I went down like a man.", Seymour Skinner said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Dad, I can't believe you're putting my life at risk to save your own."
Ned Flanders said "My angle is givin' in this world, livin' in the next."
Homer Simpson said: "Check it out, boy! It's like looking into a living snow mirror!"
"You know what I'm going to say, right?" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Seymour Skinner responded: "Mother, I served in 'Nam."
"And even if we did have another baby, it might not be a boy. It might be another sister." Marge Simpson said.
"Earl. My new friend's name is Earl!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Yep, but they gave me these Rollerblades so I can glide to the front door."
"Dinner! Dinner time, everybody! Dinner!", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Bart! Stop fighting with your sister!"
Lisa Simpson said: "...Twenty eight, twenty nine... There's one missing."
"Yes.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "I'm in the kitchen, Homer!"
"Wh... where are you taking me? What's happening?" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"That's why I ran away from home.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Oh Lord, I have once again besotted my liver with thy fermented gifts. If you can weasel me out of this physical, I will blow your mind by doing something incredibly holy, at some point. Amen. Now to mumble in a religious fashion. Dear God, oh, Lord oh God, oh, Lord..." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Just a little further. Just a little further. Just a little further. Just a little further."
Homer Simpson responded: "Because one of them hung out with me for a week trying to get my character down."
Homer Simpson answered "Marge, he's five. His life is over. Lisa's the wave of the future."
"I buy one lottery ticket a week with the girls at the hair salon. We each play our birthday. And that's enough excitement for me." Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "Homer! What are you doing out of prison? You have to go back and give yourself up."
"Uh huh." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Oh, wait. That's Lisa's nose."
Lisa Simpson answered "Dad, that's Monaco."
Homer Simpson said "And decrepit."
"There's got to be some other way to help Mrs. K." Bart Simpson replied.
"Disable auto-drive." Bart Simpson responded.
"Oh, it's so beautiful! This is what I imagine Paris must be like!" Marge Simpson said.
"It's been going downhill ever since the lake caught fire." Lisa Simpson said.
"With this film." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Seymour Skinner answered: "I administer with this nose!"
Marge Simpson responded: "Stop it! No Karate Monsters at the dinner table!"
"But I don't see any tigers around here, do you?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "It's not? Maybe he never told anyone about it."
Marge Simpson answered "Homer! Do something about the noise!"
"I'll go get her!", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "Sorry, I'm just not used to everyone behaving."
Homer Simpson responded "Marge, can I get some change for the candy machine?"
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh. Well, yes, that's what I meant, too. Well, tell you what. This afternoon, I'll take you to the beauty parlor and show you just how lovely you can be."
"Now let's get something to eat.", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "I can't believe it! The system works."
Homer Simpson said: "Marge? Sorry. Marge? Oh, sorry. Marge?"
Bart Simpson answered: "Then we had to do two hours of origami, followed by flower arranging and meditation."
"The loneliest man in the world! He'll understand me!", Homer Simpson said.
"You shut up.", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "This product is unbelievable!"
Lisa Simpson replied "Can I get my ears pierced?"
"Mmm, chocolate... oooh, double chocolate... New flavor! Triple chocolate!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Eww! I kissed that sad, weird kid!"
"Who left these muddy claw prints on my clean floor?" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "What?"
"Attaway, son! You made your old man proud!" Homer Simpson answered.
"BUT WHEN YOU THINK OF THE THINGS WE LACK..." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "I'm stuck! And I have to pee. Now I'm just stuck."
"By itself something like this might not call for an extreme penalty...but this is not an isolated incident. Bart's behavior is unruly. He's frequently absent from school, then gives teachers pathetic excuse notes...that are obviously childish forgeries when compared to...", Seymour Skinner replied.
Moe Szyslak replied "Yeah, well at least ya got your health, huh? Now let's see if I can take that away from ya."
"So, surfing is really your job?", Marge Simpson answered.
"Thanks, Nelson, put her there.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Milhouse, I'm so sorry...", Lisa Simpson said.
Ned Flanders answered: "Thanks for the tip, Homer."
Marge Simpson replied: "Otherwise, we could wake up one day and realize we've wasted our whole lives."
Homer Simpson said "Okay boy, do something annoying. But leave yourself room to build."
"Oh boy, dinner time! The perfect break between work and drunk.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Bart, my birthday is in two days. I'm gonna be eight years old. It's a big number -- almost double digits.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Marge Simpson. Well, Mr. Farrelly, the least I could do is offer you a cupcake." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Woo hoo! In your little faces!"
"They blocked my shortcut!" Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "No! It'll tangle!"
Homer Simpson said "Oh, Maggie. My poor back."
Lisa Simpson said "Patience! Patience! Get on with it!"
"Lousy traffic jams. The traffic report'll get me outta this one." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "I just got started!"
"Oh, all right.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "Trophies! Trophies! Attendance!"
"Hey, I'm a busy man. You want a job or not?" Bart Simpson replied.
"Come on, let's go find Mary! This is the address her brother gave me.", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "So Mr. Burns, you're saying my Dad has gone insane and thinks he's a god and broken off all contact with the outside world?"
"Screw you, doc! I fly from the gut." Homer Simpson answered.
"No, I won't. And frankly, Judge, I think you're a bully." Marge Simpson answered.
"Why don't you go see Grampa?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Well, this crazy scheme is the kind of impulsive behavior I want to encourage in you. I'm in. A hundred percent!" Homer Simpson answered.
"But Mom, I read that sport utility vehicles are more likely to be involved in fatal accidents." Lisa Simpson replied.
"'Cause if you don't, I'll never believe anything you say, ever again.", Homer Simpson replied.
"No one likes veggie smoothies that much. Or at all. Something's fishy about that girl, and I'm gonna follow her till I find out what.", Bart Simpson said.
"Hey Grampa, top me off." Bart Simpson said.
Ned Flanders answered "Diddily... doodily..."
"So, I round the corner and head down the ointment aisle, when who should I spot? None other than Kent Brockman!" Moe Szyslak answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Mom, it's not too late to un-shatter your dream! Martha Graham danced well into her seventies."
Homer Simpson: "Hey Flanders! Look what I got!"
"What do I have to do? Grow a devil beard?" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Ooh, a Christmas ornament museum! Can we stop?" Marge Simpson replied.
"I started making some calls last night, and before I knew it, practically all of Springfield was offering to help." Marge Simpson said.
"Excellent!", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Lisa Simpson responded "Mom, your choice to go back to blue is so empowering."
Lisa Simpson replied "Dad, what she's saying is you've had your moment in the sun and now it's time for you to gracefully step aside."
"Burn the truth. Burn the truth.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "Shut up!"
"BARTDOYOUWANNASEEMYNEWCHAINSAWAND HOCKEYMASK?", Homer Simpson replied.
"I think you'll find that deep down, anyone can be civilized. Goodnight, Willie.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said "Bart! You know you can't open a present till Mom and Dad wake up!"
"Lisa!", Homer Simpson answered.
"No, Mother." Seymour Skinner responded.
"Bart, you went to Hell and came back a winner, like Jesus. Now come on, boy! Pull me apart like string cheese.", Homer Simpson replied.
"What was that?" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Well, Marge and I don't have any problems. We never even fight anymore."
Homer Simpson answered: "In South Carolina."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Yes, but he thought that was a bad thing."
"Well, I guess this is a case where we'll have to agree to disagree.", Ned Flanders said.
Lisa Simpson responded "Let him up, please."
"Here's the mail, Dad. That'll be three dollars for on-couch delivery." Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Well, looks like we got everything for Bart's camping trip: Blair Witch Repellent, antler saw and Deep Woods Scrabble."
Homer Simpson said: "C'mon! Gimme the hand, you stupid dog! C'mon! Gimme' that!"
Bart Simpson: "Now let's see what we got here."
"Crazy eights!", Bart Simpson answered.
"What the?", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Whoa! There's still bullets in some of these!"
Marge Simpson responded "Nnno, that stinks. Let me try one."
"O-kay... tonight we're gonna discuss little ways to keep your romance alive. Make time for each other -- an hour, an evening, a mini-vacation..." Marge Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak said: "Wrong. It's buttered noodles."
"Mo-om...", Bart Simpson responded.
"Dad! Do we have to ride like this?" Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "That's a good one. We'll use that."
"Just stand still and I'll get someone!" Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "You danced for hours just because they told you to?"
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Same boat, but uh, take it anyway. They use the boat for a Dixieland Booze Cruise while we're gone."
Homer Simpson replied "Pinchy, I made you some risotto."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Perhaps you're wondering why you have two heads? Well my body was crushed so I had my head grafted on to or shall we say ample frame."
"Um, at the end of your song, remember to look into the spotlight. It makes your eyes twinkle.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Nooooo!" Seymour Skinner replied.
"Bart, I told you, don't draw on your father's skull.", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded "I want the most intelligent hamster you've got."
"Who told you?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Bart, no!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"And what's the network?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Mardi Gras, man! When the Big Easy calls, ya gotta accept the charges!" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "I have a great way to solve our money woes: you rent your womb to a rich, childless couple. If you agree, signify by getting indignant."
"Not a good time.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Whoa, this stuff is great! It's way better than the comics I get at the dentist." Bart Simpson answered.
"My desktop is sticky with soda from the kid that had it before me." Bart Simpson said.
"You're demoted.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"I'll do it!", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Look, everybody. I would just as soon not make a big deal out of this. I'm not saying I'm not a hero. I'm just saying that I fear for my safety."
Bart Simpson responded: "Whoooa! You the man, Mom!"
Homer Simpson: "Shut up, brain, or I'll stab you with a Q-tip."
Bart Simpson: "Lisa, wait!"
"Man, carrying these kids is hard on my back." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "No, no, no, the other shelf."
"Spill it, Marge. Where have you been hiding the Christmas money?", Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "I can't be held responsible for what my goons were ordered to do!"
Bart Simpson: "Wow, that's a swear?"
Marge Simpson responded "I worked so hard to make this house into a home. And now somebody else is just going to take it."
"Ahhhh!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Now judges, start your nodding!", Seymour Skinner said.
Lisa Simpson said: "What's this?"
Moe Szyslak answered: "Oh, hi-hi, Marge. I heard you and Homer broke up so, um, I'm declaring my intentions to move in on his territory. Here, I uh, brung you some posies."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Oh, all right."
"It's not that Professor X wouldn't get up, it's that he couldn't." Marge Simpson responded.
"I don't know. Just give me the dollar." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Ballet? Dancin' is for girls!"
Lisa Simpson: "What?! My Mom says you're going through a conservative phase!"
"That's good.", Moe Szyslak answered.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "That's not much help."
"Oh, I'm gonna die.", Homer Simpson responded.
"I spy, with my electronic eye, illegal wagering!", Ned Flanders responded.
"It was? Well, then we should get together again! Uh, say Saturday, at my house. Do you know where I live?" Seymour Skinner replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "Bart? Did you stop because I said to? If so, thank you."
"Hmm, I wonder where Jimbo is today. He should've beaten us up for our lunch money an hour ago.", Bart Simpson responded.
"I'm rentin' a party bus and takin' all you regulars to Las Vegas." Moe Szyslak answered.
Bart Simpson: "Not if you knew what he's been doing."
"Don't worry, Dad. Maybe this is just for suspense before the miracle happens.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Dang! I should've brought the camera.", Ned Flanders answered.
"I don't have to pick up the dog poops!", Homer Simpson said.
"Stupid anti-fist-shaking laws.", Homer Simpson answered.
"I think I can fit you in. Let's see..." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "That's right, sucker! It's Valentine's Day, and I've got a date with some fastballs!"
Bart Simpson responded "Was it scary?"
"Oh. Well... all right. When do we start?" Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "You're just mad cause there's no clock in your hat."
"Goodbye, Homie.", Marge Simpson answered.
"There's gotta be something to eat in this house.", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Keep those mutants comin', Homer."
Seymour Skinner said "Some student -- possibly Bart Simpson -- has been circulating candy hearts featuring crude, off-color sentiments. Well let me tell you something, Valentine's Day is no joke..."
"How come it's not open yet?" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "I do... now. Anyway, I'm gonna follow them tonight and see where they go."
Homer Simpson responded "Pleasant aroma, rich full body, well-aged... and the wine's not bad either."
"Hey, there's nothing against it in the bible.", Moe Szyslak replied.
"I've lost Milhouse." Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "Methuselah, my oldest friend. Who did this to you?"
Marge Simpson answered: "And sometimes I feel so smothered by this family I just want to scream till my lungs explode! Uh... I'll go start dinner now."
"Help me guys! Guys?", Homer Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak: "Hey Homer, you ever think about racing that bird?"
"Eh?", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "Oh honey, I can't believe this is happening. I'll miss you so much."
Marge Simpson said "Hmmm huh."
"Stupid kid. Thinks he's smarter than a computer." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Oh. Right."
Seymour Skinner said: "Would you be willing to pay an extra dollar twenty-three in taxes to fund them?"
"Look at me, I'm Angry Dad!", Moe Szyslak answered.
"Well, moping won't make it better." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "Yeah."
"Hi, UltraHouse." Marge Simpson replied.
"I swear it Bob.", Homer Simpson said.
"Eh, sort of.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"I give up. Did anybody learn anything about love tonight?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Nothing. They just needed a place to put all the electronic gizmos, and I know how much you like that sciencey stuff so I..." Homer Simpson replied.
"Give her a break. Remember your first day at school?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"All right, all right." Homer Simpson responded.
"Ooo! Hygiene!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Really?" Marge Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders said "Bringing in the sheaves, bringing in... Oh my Lord!! Something horrible has happened!"
Bart Simpson replied "Only you can make tree poop boring."
Bart Simpson answered "Ay carumba!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Trusting every aspect of our lives to a giant computer was the smartest thing we ever did!"
"You had a quadruple bypass. You nearly died. Don't you remember?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Why aren't you at your new job?", Bart Simpson replied.
"Now let's see, is it my best friend? My other best friend? Or a kid I just met?" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "But it'll be okay... we'll get him a new dog... one with an untwistable stomach..."
Marge Simpson responded: "Pointy, pointy, spiky, stylish... Where's baldy?!"
Marge Simpson responded: "Ooh! That's Bart's class."
"What'll it be, boys?" Moe Szyslak responded.
"Bart honey, do you know who did take the money?", Marge Simpson responded.
"Is not.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"All right, already! Everyone knows the man accomplished a lot. Maybe because he didn't spend every waking moment talking about Thomas Edison!" Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "Homer! You didn't even ask where Bart would be going."
Homer Simpson responded: "You see that stone angel up there? That's my mother's grave. My Dad points it out every time we drive by."
Homer Simpson: "It's true. Even the other guy in the elevator. He's right here."
Homer Simpson said "Oh. Something's missing. Ooh, one of the turkeys fell behind the bed."
Bart Simpson: "Little talk? You guys are having a big fight! This is the problem with women! They don't say what they mean, until it's too late!"
"You're a policeman, aren't you?" Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Da-ad! Why aren't you looking?"
"So, Bart, how was your first day of forced volunteerism?" Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "Boy, I really feel like a Viking in this thing."
"Oh, I can't take it! Would it be so bad if I just went home for an hour?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Good going, Lis. And it sure is great to be out of that bubble." Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "Relax, Mom -- be adventurous."
"Forty-seven?" Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Freshen your drink, pal?"
"So, how was your first day at your new job?" Marge Simpson replied.
"But isn't karma just an expression of the dharma?" Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "Well... I said I'd do it, so I guess I'll have to."
Homer Simpson answered: "Mr. Burns is making me eat all these drums of toxic waste."
Marge Simpson said: "Homer, I think you'd agree that I've put up with a lot in this marriage."
"I saw the best meals of my generation destroyed by the madness of my brother / My soul carved in slices by spikey-haired demons..." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh no! My pudding is trapped forever. So I can open my own can of pudding, can I? Shows what you know, Marge!"
"I was asking for something.", Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "Okay, okay. Here we go."
"Gee, you strangle him all the time, and that never happens." Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Woo! Woo! I'm up here!"
Ned Flanders replied: "But it could be my mother! Howdi..."
Lisa Simpson: "I think it can."
"Jokes on them. I'm still alive.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Ahhh..."
Homer Simpson answered: "I've learned a lot living here. It doesn't matter what someone's sexual preferences are, unless they're a celebrity, in which case it's dish, dish, dish!"
Homer Simpson replied "I GOT THIS SONG FEVER"
Lisa Simpson responded "Look at how disciplined they are. They're just like the Terra Cotta Warriors of Xian."
Homer Simpson answered "Okay, honey. I can see this means a lot to you. I'll practice till my elbow is swollen and discolored."
Bart Simpson responded: "Almost!"
"Aw, Jesse. They locked you up again.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Well, if you insist."
Homer Simpson said "Hm. This pea soup is as weak as the acting, and nowhere near as hammy."
Homer Simpson responded: "You don't have to announce it. Just do it quietly and blame the dog."
"Yeah, that's one fine-looking barbecue pit... Why doesn't mine look like that?!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "A robot with a catchphrase!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, we saw that."
Homer Simpson responded "Aye, aye Captain! Marge, we're going to that restaurant."
"I really appreciate you teaching those mean girls a lesson.", Lisa Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "All right, prank monkey, let's make mischief."
Moe Szyslak replied: "Oh, oh, right, okay."
"Dental Plan.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Hmm, maybe we should spend more time with Bart. He's becoming isolated and weird.", Marge Simpson responded.
"But you said it so mean!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Woo-hoo, look at that pavement fly!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh. Well, where do I twist this thing to make funny patterns?" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Oh yeah? My dear Lisa, you are eight and I am ten. And in my two extra years on this planet, I've learned a few tricks. Gimme that sax!"
Homer Simpson: "Are you kidding? The mother of my children with the reason for my children! This is gonna be the greatest party ever!"
Marge Simpson replied "You don't take anything seriously. Not even your bankruptcy hearing!"
Ned Flanders answered: "Ah yeah, I never shoulda had that trendy laser surgery. It was great at first, but you know, at the ten-year mark, your eyes fall out."
"I'll catch up with you." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Homer Simpson: "Look at me! I'm a puffy pink cloud!"
Bart Simpson: "No one cancels my free play!"
"If by us you mean loud-mouthed talk show hosts, which everyone seems to be in this country, then yes, I do hate Americans!" Marge Simpson responded.
"The gates are locked." Homer Simpson answered.
"Huh?", Homer Simpson said.
"I guess you're not going to have an adventure this week.", Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "West Springfield?"
"This whole thing is really creepy. Are you sure you won't talk to dad?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"That means it worked. No one ever remembers. That's why I made this video to explain the process." Moe Szyslak replied.
Bart Simpson answered "Bartman!"
Moe Szyslak answered "Ah, quitcher bellyaching, coffee boy. You're lucky I let ya in here."
"Be right back.", Marge Simpson answered.
"I guess that could be arranged." Ned Flanders replied.
"So, which of you wants to be the sliced haddock in a geezer sandwich?", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Remember when me gettin' a cell phone was a big deal?" Moe Szyslak replied.
"Good morning, sweetie." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Can you at least take a picture of me with the TV?"
"Hey, have you two longshoremen seen a pretty girl?", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Oh, she's not gonna leave you right before Valentine's Day. That'd be like going to an air show and leaving before the plane crash."
Moe Szyslak responded: "It's okay, Cecil. They're VIPs."
Seymour Skinner replied: "Hurrah for science, woo? I can't say I approve of the woo, but the hurrah was quite heartening. Release the balloon."
"That's even worse than the album Grampa released.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Is that one?"
Marge Simpson answered "Those Shelbyvillians are maligning us all. I've never heard such mean-spirited hate-hoots."
Homer Simpson said "Our junk!"
"Really? Don't you ever look up at the sky?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, all right. You always do that hand thing! And it usually works." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "I don't want to turn out that way!"
Marge Simpson responded: "We're not going anywhere, except to bed!"
"Oh! You're gonna be late.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Mmmm, fish. Oh no, that's me!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Hey, now let's not do anything rash... God is love, right?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Church bulletin? Church bulletin? Find out in whose loving memory this week's service is. The answer may shock you."
Marge Simpson replied: "Oh dear."
"Nobody's ever called my gravy yummers before!" Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "Find Waldo Yet Again."
"Hey Lis, we're characters in a cartoon!" Bart Simpson answered.
"Me too." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "They need a good, stiff, all-purpose dress shoe. Something for church, but also for doctors appointments dental check-ups, piano recitals, building dedications, visiting elderly relatives, haircuts and shoe shopping."
Marge Simpson replied "I guess I'm not meant to have friends."
Homer Simpson said: "But how will I find out what you had for lunch in nineteen twenty-eight?"
"What is he doing? He was furious at that woman, now he's embracing her. He told me himself they had nothing in common!", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Okay, but you promised me moe money."
"Oh. Oh, I'm sorry.", Homer Simpson replied.
"A kids' barbershop? But they don't have my templates." Marge Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak replied: "Uh, you gettin' on this next bus, kid?"
Bart Simpson said "Hey mister, would you like a puppy?"
Lisa Simpson responded "What kind of song should we play?"
"Actually, I think your father's still upset about the way things went down." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "I got the biggest lapels, the ruffliest shirt, and the most beautiful...girl?!"
Lisa Simpson said: "That's only the cat."
Marge Simpson said "I cannot believe this. I'm trying to give our daughter a head start in life and you aren't helping a bit."
"Can I pick the song?", Bart Simpson responded.
"The pudding will be Jell-O.", Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "Working? Where?"
"Yes.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson: "Oh that's such a first-take answer!"
"Quit playing dumb." Marge Simpson said.
"Oh, I'll never get a Mapple anything.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "And how did you know I wouldn't be there?"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Will this do?"
"You know Homer, when I got home, I realized who I should have gone to the prom with.", Marge Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak replied "Of this chapter. There are chapters all over the world. And it has been foretold that someday a Chosen One will..."
"Great paper.", Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "Dad, maybe this will cheer you up."
Homer Simpson replied: "Gimme another one."
Marge Simpson answered "Sweetie, don't worry. God wouldn't spring the Rapture on us unannounced. He'd send us signs, like, I don't know, all the dogs getting on a spaceship and leaving."
Bart Simpson answered "My finger slipped."
"...pimento nose... and voila! Mommy's patented Happy-Cracker Snack Platter!" Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "See you in hell, candy boys."
Homer Simpson responded: "I guess there's only one way out of our problems: a murder/suicide pact."
Homer Simpson answered "Bag's in the kitchen."
"This is all so sudden.", Moe Szyslak replied.
Ned Flanders responded: "My wife? And my worst friend? Could it be?"
Bart Simpson said "What did you get that for?"
"But they're already acting like teenagers. Lisa's with that boy... and look at Maggie!", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Why is the zero made out of glass?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Okay!"
"Do I hear the sound of butting in? It's gotta be little Lisa Simpson -- Springfield's answer to a question no one asked!" Ned Flanders responded.
"Hm. Maybe we should air it out a little.", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Dad, I am going on a talk show. I have to say something!"
Marge Simpson answered: "Ooh, it's a mugger! I'll hand over all my hugs and kisses!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Nay!"
"And that talking coyote was really just a talking dog.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "I am so proud. I would've been happy if Bart was just a piano mover."
Homer Simpson replied: "Sorry, sir."
"Oh, well, oh nuts. Here come the paparazzi.", Moe Szyslak responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "All I had to give them was our life savings, the deed to the house, and a commitment of ten trillion years of labor."
"I did it! I'm gonna be rich!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Too bad we didn't come dressed as popular cartoon characters.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "Of course I'll accept! Bart! I've missed you so mu-- You want to speak to Lisa?"
"Lousy Community Service. Meals on wheels! Eat it up or I go to jail!", Homer Simpson replied.
"These magazines are from before we were married. Maybe you should throw them away." Marge Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner responded "Look around, Lisa. That grant money could do a lot of good."
"You see that, sir. Drops his notes." Homer Simpson responded.
"And we've really elevated the level of discourse at the dog track." Seymour Skinner said.
"He's down there." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Daaad!" Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Geez, I've never seen anyone so whipped so fast."
"Just takin' care of business." Homer Simpson replied.
"Homer, it's over. I want you to look at your children and promise them you will never do drugs again.", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "Nice work, everybody!"
"Let's go to the map." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "It was great, all right. But all I wanna do right now is hit the adjustable sack with a good juice box. Because when all is said and done... Prison rodeo!?"
Bart Simpson answered: "There's a place -- with no line!"
Bart Simpson replied: "Wow -- Poochie came from another planet?"
"Ugh, I wish I'd never found those stupid bones! It's time to put an end to this. Bart, I'm borrowing your blue crowbar." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Right, Dad.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Uhhh..."
Bart Simpson responded "Well, you got that right. Thanks for your vote, girls."
Homer Simpson replied "Then how come that guy's winning?"
"Please, Dad.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"And how's my little major leaguer? Catch any Junebugs today?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Oldies?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Bart, if you hate Belgium so much, maybe I should take your Tintins away!" Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Actually, I think we're in Chinatown now."
Homer Simpson responded "But she'll still win the contest?"
"I don't think cookies are gonna make me feel better." Homer Simpson answered.
"But not today. I think I'm just gonna hang out at home.", Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Sure. The point is, let's stop the madness and ban guns now!"
"Aww, it was sweet of those guys to blame an oaf, but really it was my fault. I just don't have the discipline to be a hippie.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "And I promised these guys money I don't have! And they're gonna be so mad!"
"Dad! But if you're here, who's that on the float?", Lisa Simpson said.
"It's kind of you to offer, Mr. Burns, but buzz around town is that you're, well, evil." Ned Flanders replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "A horn?"
"Hey, fellas. Can I join?" Homer Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders replied "I'd love to get together, but tomorrow I've got lifeguard duty at the baptismal pool."
"Yes, they do, and when was the last time you heard anyone talk about Ren and Stimpy? Children, your father and I have fed you and clothed you, but we've neglected something more important. It's time to learn about love." Marge Simpson said.
"Hard to believe that country used to rule anything." Bart Simpson replied.
"I think I'll go get a picture of the plane taking off.", Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied "Mmm! Could it be there's a special someone you're not telling me about?"
"Mix it in.", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "This is a Band-Aid wrapped in tin foil."
Homer Simpson: "TOGASAKI-ROTHMAN!"
Homer Simpson said: "Bart, you didn't finish your Spaghetti and Moe-Balls!"
Lisa Simpson answered "Careful, now. Nobody likes a showoff."
Marge Simpson answered "No!"
"Fine. But I swear: I will win you back from Lenny.", Homer Simpson said.
"This is great! I must be the first gullible husband to overhear snippets of surprise party planning and think it was my wife having an affair.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "I'm sorry. I'll just sit over here until you stop being mad at me."
"Then we're all happy." Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "Now do you see why I'm a vegetarian, Dad?"
Marge Simpson said "C'mon, let's go. I wouldn't want to join any club that would have this me as a member."
"I'll steal it back when you're sleep-ing." Homer Simpson replied.
"You're in a better place now, Lou. I'll always be proud for once in my life... I had a cow, man." Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "Shhh!"
Homer Simpson responded "Found another one."
Homer Simpson said: "Consulate."
"Or the incident with the over-salted fries..." Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Good grief."
"You didn't mean that!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Finally Smithers, a device worthy of storing my top-secret enemies list." C. Montgomery Burns said.
Bart Simpson said "Sideshow Bob, I'm afraid the only victims here are the good people at Best Western Hotels."
Homer Simpson said: "Wow! Flash Bailor came on to my wife! You've still got the magic, Marge."
Homer Simpson replied "It's okay, boy. You'll be shooting angels in heaven."
"It maght." Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "What does your note say?"
"A-a-a-a-and, now." Bart Simpson answered.
"Oh, really? Prove it." Seymour Skinner responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Stupid Lisa."
"Hey Apu, what happened to all your milk?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Don't worry. No one's gonna see this stupid show." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Why should I?"
Homer Simpson responded "Whoa, whoa, whoa -- slow down, sexy beast. Why don't you take some time to savor the front?"
"Okay. I'll take some white meat and stuffing to go... and, send up the pumpkin pie in about twenty minutes.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Woo hoo!"
"One more year, tops.", Homer Simpson said.
"Sweetie, that's not the kind of dress you wear outdoors... or indoors... or in a dirty dream." Ned Flanders replied.
"Okay, but watch out. Don't slam my head like last time." Marge Simpson said.
"Ah, just how I like it: warm and rusty." Moe Szyslak answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Fair enough."
Seymour Skinner responded: "I was not bald! My fontanel was covered by lanugo!"
"So many restaurants...", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "Well... I was wondering... how important is it to be popular?"
Lisa Simpson: "Thanks a lot, surviving Beach Boys."
"Son, you and I are gonna be closer than ever as we spend the rest of our lives suing that therapist.", Homer Simpson said.
"Uh, Homer, I'm afraid this is the part of God's perfect plan where you're murdered by robots.", Ned Flanders replied.
Homer Simpson: "Yes! Come on, you little horse!"
Bart Simpson replied: "You're such a psycho!"
Bart Simpson said: "Ow!"
"So you were going to kill us." Lisa Simpson said.
"Now come on, give Daddy a hug.", Homer Simpson said.
"Unhand your Edison slate and bring your gold-brickery to a caesura!", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Is not." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Well, you brought me into this world, so no.", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "Just close your eyes and think of Milhouse."
Marge Simpson responded: "Take it, Homer!"
Lisa Simpson answered: "...And I'll be able to tackle all the hard-hitting children's news the grown-up controlled media won't touch. Plus I get to be on TV!"
"Ooh, that's bad.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Mmm. Incapacitating.", Homer Simpson said.
"Your clownish behavior notwithstanding, we have made a gentleman's agreement and sworn on our lives to honor it." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Marge Simpson answered "Awww."
Homer Simpson said: "You lose, Michelangelo's David. Who's next?"
Lisa Simpson answered: "Oh, that's convenient."
"Let's go!" Homer Simpson said.
"I stole it from McBain after I cut off your father's thumb." Marge Simpson answered.
"I can't believe you were smoking. Do you know the sturgeon general said you're not supposed to?", Homer Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner: "I saw some awful things in 'Nam, but you really have to wonder at the mentality that would desecrate a helpless puma. I never thought I'd say this, but the no-goodniks rule this school!"
"Y... you know... one thing I sho... Excuse me for one second.", Seymour Skinner answered.
Moe Szyslak responded: "You know, you really irritate me, Skinner. What with your store-bought haircut and excellent posture."
Homer Simpson answered "Happy anniversary, Marge!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Yeah. Look at him trying to aim that stupid gun."
Marge Simpson answered: "Maybe!"
"Hmm, I keep thinking I'm forgetting something.", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Dear Log: Can it be true? Do all Simpsons go through a process of dumbening?"
"Lisa snuck out." Marge Simpson responded.
"Patty, he's out buying me something right now.", Marge Simpson said.
"I never have any idea what to do for Lisa. To be the mother of someone who's so smart and so sensitive and who beautifully plays an instrument I don't really care for. It's so hard.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Why not? Kids are very visual these days." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Lightning?! Well, at least it wasn't my fault."
Homer Simpson answered "Krackle was my favorite."
"Oh, yeah.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Dad, was that your commercial?", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "Dad?!"
Bart Simpson answered: "WAKE UP DAD / YOU'RE SINGING A SONG!"
Moe Szyslak responded: "Moe-ron? Moron! It's you, you little puke... I am gonna tie a rope around your neck and hang--"
"So You've Ruined Your Life." Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "All right, I got another one!"
"But I always thought you were cool." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Boy, a Krispy Kreme would really clean up down here."
Homer Simpson said: "...and that lasted about five years. But then Godzilla dropped out for a while to do movies. All of the awful movies we see now today in the drive-ins that no longer exist."
"Awww.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "The Play-Doh Factory..."
Homer Simpson replied "Impressive."
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "The adventure begins!"
Marge Simpson replied "Sorry, Homer."
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, so that's it. This is some kind of underwear thing."
Moe Szyslak replied: "Hey everybody! Homer's back!"
Bart Simpson responded "Way to go, Lis."
"Ooh. Maggie, are your ears burning?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Well, we thought we'd wait a little while." Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "I thought our tennis court was bringing us a little respectability. Instead, people make fun of our lousiness."
"'Mornin', Barney." Homer Simpson answered.
"What a crappy birthday.", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "You're right. Let's bury them at sea."
"There is a part of our past that we haven't told you kids about. A turbulent part.", Marge Simpson said.
"It's horrible in here -- the boys beat me up, the girls beat me up...", Bart Simpson replied.
"Everyone's gone!", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded: "No, of course not!"
Homer Simpson answered "Ger-onimo!"
Lisa Simpson said "Please, I just want to go back to a place where I'm ostracized for being me, not for who I pretend to be."
"The pillows are safe at my workstation. As for the quarters... well, I'm ashamed to tell you what I did." Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner: "Hm. Fifteen years of loyal service and this is how they tell me -- a jester with an invisible proclamation."
"I don't remember the air in the kitchen being so wavy. Good Lord - that's gas!" Marge Simpson replied.
"You're great at a party, Lisa. Really great." Bart Simpson responded.
"Lord save me." Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Dad, can I have some money to buy Bart a birthday present?"
"You sold my little girl a shoddy Eiffel Tower.", Homer Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner said: "Get out!"
"It's shaped like a diner. And it's on this really tall pole.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Yeah, Marge. He'll knock your block off. Your beautiful block.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh?!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Try to forget that." Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "Stop the wedding!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Coming!"
Lisa Simpson said "Grades?"
"These are for you." Homer Simpson responded.
"I'll take that.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Step aside! I'll deliver this baby!", Homer Simpson said.
"He's got my hotdog!", Homer Simpson replied.
"They must have programmed it to eliminate the competition." Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "Yo! Lis! Lis! Come back, Lis! Come back!"
"Marge? Marge?", Homer Simpson said.
"Ned, you got whipped cream in your mustache!" Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "I had a bad experience with drugs..."
"It's Ki-Ya Karate Monsters." Lisa Simpson said.
"Please don't leave me!", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Bart Simpson replied "Sports collectibles! Wow, a baseball made out of Secretariat!"
Bart Simpson said "When nerds are in trouble, I am not slow. It's spin, spin, spin and away I go!"
Ned Flanders responded: "Aren't you being a little hard on old Homie?"
Bart Simpson responded "Don't worry, you won't."
"Cool, I broke his brain.", Bart Simpson responded.
"So?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, current... too strong... I know! If I sink to the bottom I can run to the shore." Homer Simpson said.
"Yeah, this tether has some pluses.", Bart Simpson said.
"Don't hurt me! Here's my wallet." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "Nine-thirty, starting in summer! Mom said!"
"Suggestion noted.", Homer Simpson said.
"Ugh. The foul stench of youth!", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Would you like to be the first to take a tour of the plant, Li'l Lisa?"
"Look, lady, you obviously have at least one son." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said "Universal Studios?"
Bart Simpson said: "Fine, go nuts -- see if I care!"
"Oh, and there's a familiar name. And another one. Wait, what-what ever happened to that guy from the network? Did he get married?" Marge Simpson answered.
"Well, then maybe you need to buy me a brooch." Marge Simpson said.
"You know how a horse goes like this? Mom? Like this? Mom?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"I love everything about the world of babysitting: the responsibility, the obligation, the pressure...", Lisa Simpson replied.
"This is the last time I pay the price for the irritating mortality of the human worker! Smithers, it's time to re-staff with the super-intelligent kangaroos we've been breeding!", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Go for it.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Eat my shorts.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Move it! Move it! Move it! Do you want to be second out of the parking lot? Do you?"
"My Satan sense is tingling! Into the root cellar, boys!", Ned Flanders said.
"NEW YORK IS THAT-A-WAY, MAN.", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "Homie, I know you had a terrible experience, but it's over."
Homer Simpson said: "A hundred and thirty-five springs to flush down. A hundred and thirty-five springs..."
Marge Simpson replied: "You shouldn't pressure Bart like that."
"Okay, okay." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "I hope we're not spoiling them."
"Hey, Homer, come in here.", Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Still hungry."
"I'VE BEEN WORKIN' ON THE RAILROAD..." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Honey, animals don't feel death. That was proved by the scientists at Black Angus."
Bart Simpson said "I'm not lazy, I'm just um, uhh... Lisa, finish my sentence for me."
"Hmph. It's raining again.", Marge Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "He did it!"
"That was the best milkshake ad I've ever seen. It makes me want a milkshake!" Homer Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak replied: "Aw, crap. It's that pip-squeak Rudy."
"And a lot of times we'd stay at home and talk, just like this.", Marge Simpson said.
"Ya-huh!" Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "Milhouse, stop that!"
Bart Simpson replied "Here, boy! Here doggie. Oh where has my little dog gone?"
Bart Simpson said: "What is that smell?"
"Hello, redemption.", Bart Simpson said.
"Mom! Dad! Bart ran into a door frame and bit his tongue!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Young lady, you will never babysit again! I am so disappointed -ointed... - ointed... -ointed..." Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Nooo! I wrote a phone number in there!"
"You. He's tried to kill you. Me, I think he likes." Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "C'mon Lis. School bus."
Homer Simpson answered "I'm on it."
Bart Simpson replied: "Why did they make that one muppet out of leather?"
"We can still make the kickoff!", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "I'm not the only one, Homeboy."
"Ay carumba!" Bart Simpson answered.
"Ahh, I don't know. He's tough to catch. He keeps changing his name.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"So... what setting is that fan on?", Lisa Simpson said.
"Permit me to demonstrate. Lisa, shut your eyes. Soon you will be at peace.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Oh no! Chong is refusing to fall back on his old catch-phrases.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "No more oriental mustard!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Of course he did. His food is laced with growth hormones."
Bart Simpson replied "My stupid cartoon a movie? Thank you!"
Homer Simpson replied "Killer umbrellas? Of course. Exquisite."
"That coot happens to be my father. Please continue." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "Dr. Zander? Kareem Abdul Jabbar? Anyone?"
"Can't breathe... sweet chocolate... cutting off air... ...Mmm, nuts." Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered: "How's your marriage?"
"As sure as I am that Jesus hates Hip Hop!", Ned Flanders replied.
"Aw, man. I never figured the gate would be locked. It's like they knew we were coming." Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "Snap out of it, Bart. Face the facts. All those hours we spent staring at Krusty, we were staring at a crook."
"Well, hi-diddly...", Ned Flanders answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "Hey, where is Dad?"
"No, honey, it's a romantic fantasy. I imagine I'm the janitor, and you're... the janitor's wife, who has to live with me in the utility room." Homer Simpson replied.
"Well, I..." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Yeah!"
"Hm." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Woo hoo!"
Marge Simpson answered: "Well, I just don't know."
"Try me. Sometimes it helps to talk." Bart Simpson replied.
"Look at me, I'm a scientist!", Homer Simpson answered.
"You're going to the dentist too, Dad.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Mom, my sling shot doesn't fit in these pockets. And these shorts leave nothing to the imagination. These uniforms suck!" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "You think we should bet against them?"
Bart Simpson said: "Wait, I was in a commercial? I don't remember this at all."
"You made this?" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Well, we need help. Someone who can make money with a bar that has no customers and zero charm."
Marge Simpson said "Except..."
"Nooo!", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Right."
"The satisfaction of helping another human being is all the thanks I et cetera.", Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, we can work this out, friends. In the spirit of sharing, what say we simply place the sacred bones in--", Ned Flanders said.
"Go! Go!" Homer Simpson replied.
"I was distinctly promised no math!", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "That's why my jazz is so smooth!"
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "No sooner than I'd forget my own mother!"
Moe Szyslak replied "Oh, it is. It is. Just, uh, pull them stools up to the pool table."
Lisa Simpson replied "Why can't we have a meeting when you're watching TV?"
Homer Simpson replied "She's not my girlfriend. She's a girl who I married, who used to be my friend."
Bart Simpson responded: "Rubber knife? This place is for wimps."
"After Brazil." Lisa Simpson answered.
"I demand satisfaction! I challenge you to a duel." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "This should be very educational. I want you kids to pay attention."
"Oh dear. It would be a shame if that pretty dress got wet.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Yeah, yeah, that's his problem. He's a nut. It's not about me being lazy, it's about him being a crazy nut!"
Ned Flanders: "Now let's go save those kids."
Homer Simpson responded "I'll cover ya, honey."
"This is a happy ending?", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "This is the best computer in the world and always will be, right?"
"He's very good.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded "We have each other! When I was a lonely little girl, I always dreamed that someday my daughter would be my best friend."
"Son, I'm a bit of an expert on the female gender, and I can tell you: women don't mean anything by anything.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Mary Spuckler, you're my last chance.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "I was gonna bet it on the dogs!"
Marge Simpson answered: "I want these springs out of our house today."
"That's okay. We're none of us perfect.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "So, what are you lookin' for?"
Marge Simpson responded: "What? Whadda ya mean?"
"Huh uh. I'm going to be ringing doorbells for Mary Bailey that night." Marge Simpson replied.
"This is how I get out of doing the dishes." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Aw, they're both good."
Marge Simpson responded "Here's your lemonade and here's your beer."
Ned Flanders answered "I was supposed to shoot you, but I didn't! I changed the future!"
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Aaagh! Here, take your money! Take it!"
"Thank you, thank you, thank you!", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson said "He's lying!"
Homer Simpson replied: "The paddles, Marge! Look at the paddles!"
"Bye, Unky Herb." Bart Simpson said.
"This is terrible. How will the kids get home?" Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "I'd give anything to hear Homer's voice."
"All right, everybody in!", Homer Simpson said.
"Listen to Lisa play her sax.", Homer Simpson said.
"Homer, is this story goin' anywhere?" Moe Szyslak replied.
"Honey, I'm home! Where are the kids?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Bart, company's coming. Go put doilies under the coasters. Hurry! Hurry!", Marge Simpson replied.
"Water's coming in the house, and we've got carpet mushrooms!", Marge Simpson said.
"Ohh, shut up.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Moe Szyslak answered "I just had this awful feeling that uh, Homer's in terrible trouble."
Bart Simpson responded: "... engine."
"Oh, wait. That was the old sofa.", Homer Simpson said.
"I've had it up to here with those freeloading wrinkle bags. They pee all night, they cry all day and every time they use the computer the font is huge!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "I have this much."
Homer Simpson responded: "You dirty teen."
Homer Simpson answered: "The force?!"
"Maarge... come to bed Marge..." Homer Simpson replied.
"Somebody ate those cookies." Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner answered: "Dum de dum... There's an opening. Too late!... Nope... Nope... That'd be cutting it a little close."
"Hey, Dad.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"How much do you want?", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"I've had one of my unpredictable changes of heart. Seeing these fine young athletes reveling in the humiliation of a vanquished foe... I haven't felt this energized since my last... boweling." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh... I'll see what I can do."
"Sounds like that would take a while." Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered "Uh-huh."
Homer Simpson answered "You remembered."
Bart Simpson: "Your daughter is named Seymour?"
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Don't argue with me! Just get rid of them."
"Ah, yeah, it smells like church." Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson said "Well, you see, when I get bored, I make up my own movie. I have a very short attention span."
"Boy, mom sure will be happy you won fifty dollars.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"There you go, Lisa. No pimentos. Bart, your hat's where you left it, behind the toilet. Homer, I'll sew your pants but I'm out of bologna.", Marge Simpson responded.
"There she was -- the gorgeous new girl in town, Edna Krabappel." Moe Szyslak answered.
"Aw, I'm glad you two are friends again so we can all have Thanksgiving dinner together in this bar.", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "Why, a woman invented liquid paper."
Lisa Simpson said: "Wha--?!"
Lisa Simpson replied "Hello, I'd like to speak to President Clinton, please. I wrote to him and he never wrote back... No, I don't want Al Gore!"
Homer Simpson responded "You know everything."
Seymour Skinner replied "The world's smartest man!"
"You did it, Homer! You saved me from the bullies! You're the coolest kid I ever met.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Milhouse, everyone here is a total freak. We have to find a way to completely humiliate Lassen.", Bart Simpson said.
"I did, but I couldn't understand what the hell he was saying. Lisa, I feel terrible. I ratted on my best friend and he doesn't even know I did it." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Buck Mitchell!"
Seymour Skinner said: "Now I have a ring tone for my brand new cell phone."
Homer Simpson replied "Hindu. What do you call the moisture on your Hin?"
"He still thinks that hobo was a bird.", Marge Simpson answered.
"That was a joke?", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "I don't have time to answer all these questions. Uh, time is money. Come on, people!"
Marge Simpson responded: "Lisa!"
Bart Simpson replied "Milhouse! You broke the watch! Do you realize what this means?"
Lisa Simpson answered "He's wrong! You're wrong! The whole damn system is wrong!"
Ned Flanders answered "Hi-didly-ho, Schuss in Boots."
Homer Simpson answered: "You and me?"
Marge Simpson answered "Bart, are you all right?"
Bart Simpson: "Well, time to face my punishment like a man... Or, lie my way out of it like a kid."
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, how I envy you!"
Bart Simpson replied: "Dad, if you take me to Vegas, I'll teach you how to cheat at blackjack."
"Fine. I'll never ever do another stupid thing. Good night!", Homer Simpson responded.
"No, no. That's the noise the phone makes when you've been on too long. Bye now! Love you." Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "RUN-A-WAY!"
"What you're saying is we've run out of fun things to do." Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "I don't wanna do that."
"Sweet.", Bart Simpson replied.
"That's good, Marge -- get all the terrible ideas out of your system.", Homer Simpson said.
"C'mon, Bart. The Coast Guard is covering the Doobs!", Homer Simpson said.
"Look at me! I'm Sideshow Bob!", Bart Simpson said.
Ned Flanders replied: "Help me! Help me, Lord!"
"Marge, that's crazy talk. Now look, I'll save Lisa. Your place is here with the women." Homer Simpson replied.
"Lisa's on the sleepy train / To rest her weary head / Her ticket is a candy cane / Made out of gingerbread.", Marge Simpson responded.
"I don't care if they think you're a coward, Dad. You did the right thing, hiding and crying.", Lisa Simpson said.
"You mean Milhouse? Funny little guy. Afraid of the dark. And the light. Now I got new friends. Guys who get me.", Bart Simpson answered.
"What a saga.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"Yuh - huh.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Cool.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Could be. Could be.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"I don't like the look of those air quotes.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Grazie. Idioto!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Dad, it's so enlightened of you to take us to a WNBA game.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Awww... bourbon go bye-bye.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Now there's the place you want to buy your buttons.", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "That sucked. Well, at least I've still got my health."
Homer Simpson answered "Okay!"
"You always save me, trombone elephant.", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Mom, I didn't eat any of it. I'm not stupid."
"Heh, heh, heh.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Nothing, nothing." Bart Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders said: "Okily-dokily, here's some French roast, now I'll go make toast."
"We had to buy lunch for that homeless guy.", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "Aren't you a dear."
"Mmm... Unprocessed fish sticks.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "...My Dear Watson Detective School."
"I said, God bless America!", Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner replied "I was wondering what she was doing here."
Lisa Simpson replied "Come on, Maggie... Good Maggie... The talcum powder's not to play with..."
Marge Simpson: "No Karate Monsters in the bathtub!"
"No talking in the cage. Court is now in session. All rise." Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "Do you ever drink to escape from reality?"
"Really not cheerin' me up here, but uh, let me offer you the only literature in this bar. Sure works for me though.", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Homie... I'm not sure about this new business of yours. You're making it too easy for couples to break up just because they hit a rough patch.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Uh, you don't have to tell me, but I thought we trusted each other with our secrets now. I mean, I haven't told a soul about your new boyfriend." Homer Simpson replied.
"Wouldn't it be fun if we watched the game together?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Bart! I can't believe it... But why?" Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Hey, come on, turn that down-under frown upside down. We're not finished yet."
"Fur is murder! When's the Krusty movie coming out?" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Spice up! Spice up!", Marge Simpson said.
"I've gotta save them.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Ooh, a doctorate!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Hey."
"So what you're saying is... I'm indestructible." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Sweetie, if your mother was in trouble, they'd tell us as soon as they could.", Homer Simpson said.
"That's how low you can go!" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Ooh, my lava's almost cooled!"
"No. We're looking for this man, Krusty the Clown." Lisa Simpson said.
"Mom, Bart and I have been talking..." Lisa Simpson said.
"May we? May we? Mais oui!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, how I miss TV! Dear, God. Just give me one channel!", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "Uh oh."
"Okay..." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Lisa, Lisa! Where were you!? You missed the most incredible thing!"
"I feel terrible. The Van Houtens split up at our party.", Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "One at a time! One at a time!"
"Will you shut up, I'm trying to think of a name.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Good idea."
"Wait, Milhouse -- hold your position. Something doesn't add up.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "What? What?"
"Homer, tell them your side of the story. I know I hurt you, but please trust me now. It'll work." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Thank you..."
"Look, I married her, but that is as far as we went. We never, ever made whoopee -- or even mouth whoopee.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "I don't think so, stupid!"
"Almost done.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Keep yelling, you big ape.", Marge Simpson responded.
"I declare that you have the most beautiful brown eyes.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, I think I can get him fired. I got you fired, didn't I?", Bart Simpson responded.
"Bart, are you okay?", Homer Simpson responded.
"You know, a tennis court can really make your house look classy. I hear Mel Brooks has one. I mean, Sir Mel Brooks." Marge Simpson responded.
"It's all right. I understand. But we really could have used that twelve thousand dollars.", Homer Simpson said.
"This is for your show's slight decline in quality over the years!" Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Wow, Lenny went all out!"
"Me neither, Homie.", Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson: "Dad, will you please tell Bart to stop squeaking his chair. I'm trying to do my homework."
Homer Simpson answered "There ya go! We'd be stealing from people we know. It's just like the seasons."
Bart Simpson said: "Better -- the prospectors left naughty French postcards!"
Bart Simpson: "Are you putting feces on the tip?"
Homer Simpson: "How could you do this to me, Moe? This bar was going under and it was the drink I invented that saved it."
Bart Simpson responded "It's him or me, O Lord!"
"Oh yeah. So, you worked for Carl, eh?" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Those are good too."
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh, I heard it at the Mustache Parade they have every year."
Seymour Skinner replied: "You really didn't study?"
"Homer, whatever they've got you on, cut the dose.", Bart Simpson answered.
"You know, I think you guys are lettin' me win." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Okay, son, just remember to have fun out there today, and if you lose, I'll kill you."
"And it didn't cost us a dime.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, that was so hot! I love watching you do other guys!" Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "And for Homer --"
"To my new buddy. Now all we need is an awesome theme song. Whatever plays next on the jukebox." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Thank you, Barney. How many people are coming, Homer?"
"Boy, when I get home, I'm going to wrap my hands around your neck --", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "Dad, you shouldn't do this. It's not fair how much influence you have!"
Homer Simpson replied "YYY... Y... Y... Y..."
"Uh... I was gettin' around to it.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "You're not saying no."
"I'unno.", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "Uh-oh."
"Thank you, Death. And may I ask what's taking so long with Larry King?" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "Not without the keys, he isn't."
Bart Simpson responded "I've got my bases covered."
Homer Simpson responded "We're here."
"I was supposed to be with all of you.", Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "What's wrong Homer? Is it that all your friends are out of work and it's kind of your fault?"
"The vintage record store?", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Mary Bailey isn't going to fire me if I don't vote for her. I'm for Monty Burns."
"No. I just like to smell my lunch... Gee, I never met anyone who skipped a grade before." Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "All right! Pedal to the kettle!"
"Hello." Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, my Lord! I feel like Cinderella.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Hey, Dad. Are we going camping?", Bart Simpson responded.
"Assistant Groundskeeper Skinner, don't you think it's wrong that I can't get the best math education because I'm a girl?" Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "I can keep this up all day."
"Oh no! This is how Faceless Joe lost his legs!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Thanks, that means a lot to me."
"You're a useless old man! Name one thing you do for this family." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Mmm-mm, that is some sweet pig meat. But as for Christmas trees... I used to love them -- until last year, when I went tree shopping with Mom..."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Dad, have you considered buying commercial time on channel ninety-two? Check it out."
Homer Simpson replied "Who told you?"
"Oh honey, they have acids that can burn that off." Homer Simpson replied.
"Son, your life is gonna get better -- starting now." Homer Simpson responded.
"Don't make me close the shade!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "That's no marriage bed -- it's a loveless slab of bossiness!"
"Stop. Please stop.", Homer Simpson answered.
"He could still surprise ya!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, yeah?" Bart Simpson responded.
"I know, we'll stay with my very best friend in the world, Lenny.", Homer Simpson said.
"A real Swiss army knife. Cool!", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "Beautiful, huh? Homer and I used to come up here on dates."
"Whoa, whoa, slow down there, maestro. There's a New Mexico?" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Silence! Now for my amusement, let the monkey fight the elephant."
"Uh-oh.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "See, Maggie? Those silver and blue guys are the Dallas Cowboys. They're Daddy's favorite team, and he wants them to lose by less than five and a half points. Understand?"
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Hmm. One dollar for eternal happiness... Mmmm, I'd be happier with the dollar."
Bart Simpson said: "Please Dad."
Bart Simpson: "I hate shopping. Just get me a deck of cards, and I'll win whatever I need from the other kids."
"Homie, please. Why don't you just leave town?", Marge Simpson responded.
"Hmm, that's odd -- we only turn the heat on for parents' night." Seymour Skinner said.
"Hey, I don't go to where you work and read the bible to you!" Homer Simpson said.
"I need you to find out everything about my daughter, so she'll think I'm a good Dad." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "Well, we brought some pizza."
Homer Simpson answered: "Now that kinda attitude's not gonna get your house back."
Homer Simpson answered "You're not supposed to go to the bathroom without washing your hands, either."
"I... Hello, Bart." Seymour Skinner answered.
Lisa Simpson said: "That's a rather unambitious book."
"Um, Grace under pressure is no...", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "Snow covers all. Pure, white snow."
"Are you sure, Lord?", Ned Flanders said.
"Ladies and gentlemen, the unthinkable has happened. Some sick, twisted individual has stolen every teacher's edition in this school." Seymour Skinner said.
"You're lucky you got looks, Marge.", Homer Simpson said.
"The last book in the series goes on sale at midnight, and we're gonna go stand in line." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Fashions."
Homer Simpson said "Marge, I realized something when I was trapped under all that rubble: marriage is the real roller coaster. I'm just glad I have you as my safety bar."
"Great. The one time you actually do something right, you ruin my life." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Moe! Will you get off the line!"
"At least now I can get some rest.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Remember how you wanted me to get that expensive operation? Well, now I can afford a motorcycle!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Now I can finally complete my bucket list."
"Worthless old geezers." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Suh-weet." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "Homer!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Welcome to real life, Lisa. You can't fight city hall, AKA Blockoland. So don't even try."
"No one in this family is hurling rotten anything at anyone!" Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "Aah, the life of a frog. That's the life for me."
Marge Simpson responded: "You can put a little something on top for flavor."
"I would strongly support that measure.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"He's still in need, we have to let him stay. It's what Dr. King would want us to do.", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "What's the advice?"
"No, I'm not. I suck." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Marge that's..."
"Well, this year's gonna be different." Homer Simpson said.
"I almost flicked an innocent butterfly. Bart, we're turning into monsters!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"THAT WAS PRETTY BAD, BART / BUT IT COULD'VE BEEN WORSE / YOU COULD HAVE BEEN CARRYING A SEQUINED PURSE!", Lisa Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner answered: "Uh... he fell asleep in the suit and suffocated."
Bart Simpson answered: "There. If I can just get through this many days without seeing her, she should be completely out of my system. Okay, day one."
Homer Simpson answered: "Well, it's my job to cook him breakfast, and I'm gonna cook the best damned breakfast he ever ate!"
Seymour Skinner replied: "I believe the only venue for me is the ride of broken dreams."
"Yeah..." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "Oh, it just sickens me. How could you do this to someone you love?"
"Well, it wasn't easy, but we managed to watch every testicle fail video on the internet.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Hey, what about a prequel to something? Everybody loves prequels."
"Don't worry, homeboy, you're not that fast." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "There is something wrong with that kid. She's so moral. Why can't she be more like... well, not like Bart, but there's gotta be a happy medium."
"Colonel Burns? Why, I haven't heard my father's name in years." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "We're not. Your sleeve got caught on that tree. Here, let me unhook ya."
Marge Simpson answered "Sh-sh-sh!"
"Okay, people, we've hit penumbra. Brace yourself for umbra.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Oh, yeah. Definitely pain!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Wait a minute. I forgot to make sure the coast was clear. Aw, it's probably clear. Let's go." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "He's not a regular bum, Mom. He's a genius bum. He created Itchy. And he's the father of cartoon violence."
Marge Simpson answered "Ned, how did you sleep?"
Bart Simpson answered "Dad, wait. You're not risking your life just to impress me, are you?"
"But most of all, I remember the music." Homer Simpson responded.
"Clean, dirty clean, dirty clean, dirty ..." Bart Simpson replied.
"I'M SORRY I HURT YOU, BUT PLEASE DON'T BE SAD / YOU'RE NO LONGER MY COACH, BUT YOU'RE ALWAYS MY DAD...", Lisa Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders replied "All right, neighbor, I'll baby-sit."
"Woo hoo! Problem solved!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh... Lisa's class.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "But I love solids."
Marge Simpson said "For me?"
Marge Simpson replied: "Hello?"
Bart Simpson said: "Hey, I'm fine -- They haven't made a French horn yet that can hurt me. Now, I'm sending you a picture of the bomb."
"Aha! So Dad's life would actually have been worse, because he wouldn't have gotten together with Mom, his one true love!" Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "All eggnog is terrible!"
"Nuts to that. I'm going to the movies." Homer Simpson responded.
"Time for your meds." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Come on, kids. Daddy knows a way to get the money... with no risk."
"Gaiman, I've been waitin' to do this for a long time.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"Look, I had to read it to my sister.", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "I'd better put on the silencer."
Homer Simpson said: "Uh, we're watching the latest photos from Mars. Ho, great stuff. Worth every billion."
"Oh, yeah? What's a palate?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Yes, he could fly home, except that he has a broken wing. Perhaps you and your sarcasm could come to Springfield and retrieve him.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "I've failed again. Everybody can teach a class but me. I'm an idiot. What am I gonna tell my wife and kids?"
Ned Flanders: "Well, a friendly Springfield hello there, neighbors. I, you know, we think some kids of ours may be missing in your town."
Lisa Simpson replied: "And I've got a rally for take back the afternoon."
Marge Simpson replied "Hi, Ned. I didn't know you were an actor."
"Sorry, Reverend.", Homer Simpson said.
"I can't believe what I've done -- maybe deep down I always knew how much this film would hurt them. Maybe I'm the monster this movie exposed.", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Mom! Guess what!"
"All right! This is a story of two dogs with a love so strong, no hose could separate them. I call it Shady and the Vamp..." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Okay, she moved in with her boyfriend. Well, he's not a boy. He's immature, but fat and old."
"Awesome. You finally made my room cool!" Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "Excuse me... pardon me... whoop... comin' through... how ya doin'?... love that hat, baby..."
"Bye!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Again!" Bart Simpson answered.
"Well, I've learned a lot today. Now to go home and let TV slowly rot it all away.", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "All our friends are like that!"
"Unloved by all! Noooooooo!" Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "Thank you."
"/ Bumper pool?! / You kiddin' me? You got bumper pool? / I'm there!" Moe Szyslak said.
"No, I can't. It's broken.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Up-bup-bup. No Jell-o for you, Bart -- it'll keep you up at night. Like last week when you crawled into bed with me and Mommy?"
Lisa Simpson said: "What are you two doing in the laundry room?"
"One...", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "And I can stop looking the other way from what my husband's doing."
"Hey pal, how ya been?", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "But you said going from blue to gray was empowering."
"No. It's oddly dehumanizing.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"D'OH D'OH D'OH D'OH D'OH...", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Denver?"
"Bart, you're coming home.", Homer Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner said: "Please don't air this. I'll tell you the winners of the kickball games in advance -- you can make a lot of cabbage betting on k-ball."
Bart Simpson said "Oooh, a punch bowl like that just screams good taste. Wouldn't it be perfect for the dinner party?"
Ned Flanders replied: "Uh, maybe we should take a little break-a-rooney, huh? Anyone like a draft beer?"
Marge Simpson responded "Dr. Zander, what happened?"
Homer Simpson answered: "And you sat on the gas pedal when my foot fell asleep. So I'm gettin' you shined up nice."
Marge Simpson said: "What card?"
"No couches either? Oh, man. I need a beer." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Ahhh, that's better. Now that we're alone, Papa Bear has a li'l honey for his Mama Bear."
Homer Simpson answered: "That's it! I'll steal this sign and they'll pay me to make them a new one!"
Homer Simpson responded "Hey, they can't take our house. My pot-bellied pig is in there."
Moe Szyslak: "Hey, hey, hey, Lenny, forget him, forget him! Look, we still got the money."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "We're not so different, you and I."
Homer Simpson said "Why you little..."
"I'm just gonna get a tiny chip to put on my desk at work.", Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "That woman -- she's so captivating. Smithers, my heart's pounding like a jackhammer."
"Isn't that a little excessive? I mean, how are the buttons dangerous?", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "This map is useless! Useless!"
"So you're sure this baby'll make it out to the desert?", Homer Simpson said.
"Aw, lousy Wiggum. Now the whole town thinks I'm a chili wuss..." Homer Simpson replied.
"Marge, I've got some bad news to give you." Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson said: "You're right. But just to be safe, maybe I should chain him up."
Bart Simpson responded "All right, I get it, I get it."
Moe Szyslak replied "Ah, that kid slays me."
"Attention: while you've been showering here, I sold all your clothes.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Hey, my bathing suit came off!", Homer Simpson said.
"End of story.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "Lis, Lis, come here! I found two snowflakes that are exactly alike!"
Homer Simpson answered: "A, uh... division of, um... Homer-Co."
Homer Simpson answered: "Honey, I couldn't keep 'em away if I tried. Except for Flanders. He was mysteriously called out of town."
Homer Simpson answered "Since when is all this against the law?"
Homer Simpson answered: "The Hooligans!"
Bart Simpson said: "It's no fair -- I just started and I'm out of business."
"Welcome to marriage! Another good man bites the dust." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "I think that game is too old for her. Why don't you go play with Milhouse?"
"Too cutesy-poo." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Your Grampa's alive?", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "I'M A TROLL MAN / DA DA DA DA DA DA DA/ I'M A TROLL MAN..."
Homer Simpson: "What was it about?"
Marge Simpson said: "Which is our room again..."
Lisa Simpson said "Bart, this is a truffle."
"Mom! Bart took what I said and turned it into an insult!" Lisa Simpson said.
"Stop!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Didn't even pull the string that time."
Bart Simpson replied: "Aw, do I have to?"
Bart Simpson: "Sorry, Dad, it just won't budge."
Homer Simpson replied "Wow, you're good at that."
"Little help?", Homer Simpson responded.
"You dropped somethin'." Homer Simpson responded.
"All right! You can even have the dental plan!... On one condition. You must resign as head of the union.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Oh, I didn't realize you've been counting the years. Is it that horrible living with me?", Homer Simpson said.
"He was a zombie?", Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak answered "Orange wedge?"
"Look, if you ignore me and I die, you'd get in a lot of trouble." Bart Simpson answered.
"Wow, infotainment." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "And why is Krusty on the couch?"
"He's just flamboyant.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Hey, I ain't a troll. Look, I bleed red just like you." Moe Szyslak responded.
"Barf for your master!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Homer, Bart said the kids were going to the Van Houtens, but Luann just told me they're supposed to be here. They've disappeared!", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Yeah. Hey, Mom. How come you're not putting on any of my perfume?"
"In the bathroom. Not trimmin' my mustache. Whaddaya think? Do I remind you of troubled troubadour David Crosby?", Ned Flanders replied.
"It was so quiet you could hear each individual smart-ass remark." Homer Simpson answered.
"Eight o'clock... Happy Days. The Fonz, Henry Winkler, is worried he's losing his cool.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "And that's why I owe Clash of Candies twenty thousand dollars. Here we are."
Bart Simpson responded: "You sniveling toad! You little egg sucker!"
"All right, Bob. We won't tell your beautiful new family that you're a homicidal psychopath -- if you fix up our car." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Tom Arnold?! What the hell's going on?!"
"Smithers Jr.!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Yeah, well listen, pal. I have my treasure: my wife and my children."
"Then run along you little scamp. A boy without mischief is like a bowling ball without a liquid center.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Where, where?" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Punch buggy red!"
Lisa Simpson answered: "Last week, the unscientific theory of creationism was introduced alongside evolution in Springfield public schools."
Bart Simpson replied "You do?"
"You're welcome!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh man.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Alright Mom! / Yay, Mom! / Woo hoo!"
Bart Simpson: "Oh, Mom, you are a prankster's dream. Wow, you really clobbered him!"
Seymour Skinner responded: "Lisa, I hold in my hand a sticker with a frowny-face on it. Don't make me affix it to your file!"
Homer Simpson responded "Shut up, boy."
Bart Simpson said "Hey, since you were a no-show at all the big moments of my life, you owe me years of back presents: Christmases, birthdays, Easters, Kwaanzas, good report cards...at seventy-five bucks a pop, plus interest and penalties... You owe me twenty-two thousand dollars."
"Bart, we're having a meeting.", Lisa Simpson said.
"One for you... one for me... One for you... one for me...", Homer Simpson answered.
"What's your secret?" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Heyyy, this piece of junk is finally doing something."
"Yeah, well, you know... kinda... but I was thinking I could go undercover." Bart Simpson said.
"Hundred and ten, a hundred and twenty... You lucky son-of-a..." Moe Szyslak replied.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Oh you're right, Smithers. I guess I owe you a coke."
Marge Simpson answered: "I've always believed in you even when others didn't. Can you help save our family Christmas? Marge Simpson."
Ned Flanders replied "That's just fine as long as you're not a Mormon!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Yes it is, you're a clown."
Homer Simpson replied "See? You're still helping me."
Lisa Simpson answered "Whattaya got?"
Marge Simpson said "Well if you have other plans..."
Ned Flanders said "Hi-O-diddily-ysseus!"
Marge Simpson answered "I'm sorry, I can't steal. Not even from Mr. Burns."
Homer Simpson replied "Wha?! That's it. No more chat rooms for you."
Homer Simpson replied: "Humph, your car. Boy, what are the odds, huh?"
"Mrs. K, whoever this guy is, you don't need him. There are plenty of good men around.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Hang in there, son. I'm taking us out for our traditional Sunday brunch."
"Why didn't you tell me not to come?", Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak: "Uh, well actually, I had some help on the title..."
Homer Simpson responded "Mmm... I knew I should have attached those somehow."
Homer Simpson answered "Bo-ring."
Marge Simpson responded: "I don't think you're stupid."
"I'll adjust.", Bart Simpson responded.
"So, the family's still gone. What do I do now?", Bart Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns said "Knock-kneed home renters. Can't we thin this herd with some smallpox-infected blankets?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh-ho-ho-ho right, the God dude. Hey, I got a question for you."
Lisa Simpson answered "See the Isis exhibit. But the museum's closed."
Marge Simpson replied "I could have sworn it was three hundred and two."
Lisa Simpson said "You don't even care! You don't even care!"
Bart Simpson said: "Picture?"
"Hey, Lazy Horse! Find us something cool to do." Bart Simpson replied.
"See boy, it's not so hard. Here, roll over... roll over... like this.", Bart Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner answered: "Attention. This is Principal Skinner, your principal, with a message from the principal's office. All students please proceed immediately to an assembly in the Butthead Memorial Auditorium. Dammit I wish we hadn't let the students name that one."
"It's gonna be tough without a partner." Homer Simpson answered.
"No, it's true. You know, when I was a boy I really wanted a catcher's mitt. But, my dad wouldn't get it for me. So I held my breath until I passed out and banged my head on the coffee table. The doctor thought I might have brain damage." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Yes I do. Because I'm hungry... my clothes are smelly... and I'm tired."
Homer Simpson replied: "Whack!"
Homer Simpson said "Not so rough, Bart. Daddy can't handle so much love right now."
"Let's go, boys. Your poor old Popsicle's been licked." Ned Flanders answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Well, that's a first. I've never been able to fit thirty-two grocery bags into one car before."
Homer Simpson replied: "Uh, why?"
"I made it the whole day without seeing her again.", Homer Simpson replied.
"You got it." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Actually, Marge... uh... there uh, was someone before you."
"Well, Ray Patterson thinks you should do it! Animals are crapping in our houses, and we're picking it up. Did we lose a war? That's not America. That's not even Mexico.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Spoil-er!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "I've read every expert on poker, and watched Jennifer Tilly's DVD."
Homer Simpson answered: "I'd stab somebody for a pickle."
"I was a fool to break up with you, Maxine." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Marge Simpson said: "Oh, Homie..."
Marge Simpson said "Is this true?"
"Uhhh." Bart Simpson responded.
"Just like when I smell up the toilet.", Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, sorry. Here's a fresh one.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "To the Simpson mobile!"
Bart Simpson replied: "I-am-at-Disneyland."
Homer Simpson answered "Unless..."
"It all began about a month ago...", Moe Szyslak responded.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Hey-ya, Homer."
"But Marge, this is a chance for me to fulfill my lifelong dream." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "No, no, no. Just the first two."
Homer Simpson replied "There's a crayon in my brain?!"
Homer Simpson answered: "I told you: Flanders has it. Or Moe! Go kill Moe."
"When I'm driving the car, I get to choose the radio station. When you're driving, we'll listen to your radio station." Homer Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner replied: "Never woke up because he never passed out. He's right over there."
Homer Simpson responded: "All right. For you, I will give up all clear liquors."
"No.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Sorry.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Do what I say and Bart won't get hurt.", Bart Simpson said.
"Can't let this little doozy get out." Ned Flanders replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "Bald Man's Basketball League?"
"Exactly. It came to me in a vision. Or maybe it was a drunken haze. Or, possibly, an ice cream headache.", Homer Simpson said.
"Just put on a towel!" Marge Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner answered: "Hmm. They treat you real nice here."
"Eww!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Dad, you fought tooth and nail to get it away from our house."
Bart Simpson: "Get off of me."
Bart Simpson said "Ugh, one of these bedbugs is still alive!"
Lisa Simpson answered "Slimu looks kind of uncomfortable."
"Do you have airbags?" Homer Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders answered: "We did it, we got rid of..."
Ned Flanders answered: "That's right. And I may not go to church tomorrow."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Are we there yet?"
Homer Simpson replied "Ow! Oh! All right, Lovejoy! You're gonna get it."
"I am lucky. I have a husband and three wonderful children, thank you very much.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "My bowling buddy."
Homer Simpson said: "Sixty-one... Sixty-two... Sixty-three..."
Bart Simpson responded: "Cool."
Homer Simpson answered: "... Is it... Wah?"
"I told you I don't have anything." Bart Simpson responded.
"You mean, like, medical testing?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Hey, a baseball field! Batter up!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Hurry, Marge. If we get there early we can get our pictures taken with the two surviving Musketeers."
"Wake up, you lazy Sherpas. We've got a mountain to climb!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Just a popularity contest?! Excuse me, what's more important than popularity? Now, Bart, do you really think you can win?"
"No, Homer!", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Oh yeah, couldn't put it down."
"Whoaaa! Cool!" Bart Simpson replied.
"You know, I always thought I'd fall for a woman just like Mother... even though I didn't want to. And now that I haven't, I've discovered what true happiness can be, Edna." Seymour Skinner answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Well, I guess Flanders doesn't have all the luck."
Marge Simpson replied "Nothing, nothing."
"It ran outta gas.", Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "We've been charged for calls to Brazil that we didn't make."
"Mom... can I visit Bob?", Lisa Simpson responded.
"THIS CUTE-ING-UP SUITS ME / THERE'S BEAUTY WITHIN ME / SO LET'S OLSEN-TWIN ME / GIVE THEM SOMEONE TO LOVE", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "Okay! okay! So the poor guy can't read! Can't we get off his back already?"
"The only person who thinks you're a monster is the one who had to give you a sponge bath." Bart Simpson replied.
"Oh, how much proof do you need? Five thousand? Six thousand? I swear, that's all I've got." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Third time's the charm."
"Hey, I know this is a crazy idea, but hear me out. What if we..." Lisa Simpson said.
"Okay, start the presses!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Ohh, you can silence me, but you can't silence Collier's magazine! Tell the people! Don't let the government push you around! You have a choice! Fight back!" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"We've been kidnapped!", Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "I'd like to thank her parents for helping with the caging."
Seymour Skinner said "Bart, by special request of the Mayor's office, you are going to be left back."
Homer Simpson responded "What's the deal with this place? It's so manly, yet scented."
"I'd better call it a night, guys. I don't want to take any more of your money." Homer Simpson responded.
"Denied." Seymour Skinner replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "Nothing."
Homer Simpson answered: "I'm back! Comin' through!"
Lisa Simpson answered: "And we don't even know whose gun that was. Maybe somebody planted it there to frame Dad."
Lisa Simpson: "No Dad. It's an epic tale from ancient Greece."
"Maybe there's something else to do on this planet.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"That's it! Kids are the answer! I'll dedicate my life to my children." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Mom?"
Homer Simpson replied: "I finally feel like part of a family!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Sorry, guys. Marge and I are spending the weekend at a bed and breakfast."
Marge Simpson said "Bart!"
Bart Simpson: "Krusty's my hero! How could I do this to him?"
Marge Simpson answered "No, I can't. C'mon, let's go."
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Oh, it's you. What are you so happy about?"
"Oh, she'll win the contest, but she'll lose her soul.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Wow, I can actually feel the heat." Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered "Just tell me when the scary part's over."
Homer Simpson replied "Consider him cut."
Homer Simpson answered: "Woo hoo!"
"Well, the fabric really brings out the red in your neck." Marge Simpson replied.
"Sometimes Marge says I turn it into a trashcan." Homer Simpson answered.
"Ooop, I got him." Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said "I stopped brushing my teeth so I can play just like you!"
Bart Simpson replied: "I am!"
"Marge, you were terrific.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Ooo, you're hot when you're horny..." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "Bart, I just realized -- we both want the same thing: darkness. And we can get it if we work together, with my brain and your... your... assistance."
"You wanna hold it for a while?" Bart Simpson responded.
"Where's this 2006 Beaujolais that's puttin' me out of business?", Moe Szyslak said.
Marge Simpson answered "You two are going out? I thought I told you the Flanderses were coming over to dinner."
"All right! Trash cookies!" Bart Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak replied: "Watch and learn, ya dinks."
Moe Szyslak replied "Uh, the guys in that booth down there."
"How 'bout the Disney Minority Program?" Bart Simpson said.
"All right, at least I can delete these Westminster Dog shows.", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Zabar, Kresge, Caldor, Walmart!"
Homer Simpson said "That was close."
"Well, kids, I tried. Maybe you're right." Marge Simpson answered.
"We have a kitchen?!" Homer Simpson replied.
"World.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Yeah, yeah, we'll never live it down. Oh, boy, it looks like it's suicide again for me.", Moe Szyslak said.
Seymour Skinner answered "Can I offer you the use of my Merkur?"
Homer Simpson answered "Get used to it, honey. From now on, we'll be spelling everything with letters."
Marge Simpson answered "Come on! Chuck him in!"
"I see. Well, I'll need some beer." Homer Simpson said.
"You used to love it!", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Please welcome my newest panelist, Disco Stu."
Homer Simpson responded "For the first time in my life, people weren't laughing at me, they were laughing towards me."
"Hey, that's the fire alarm!" Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "Mo-om..."
"First of all, my father no longer has any functioning credit cards. Secondly, how dare you refer--" Lisa Simpson responded.
"This place is in Ireland?!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Friends with mutants, right.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Out of my way, mystery skank!", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Are you saying I'm gay? Because if that's what you think, then just come right out and say it."
Homer Simpson said: "Barney? That was me! And I'd do it again."
Bart Simpson replied "Hey, that wasn't me, that was Milhouse?"
"Evil triumphs again." Bart Simpson responded.
"No." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Uh-oh. Uhh... You got a men's room in there?"
"Ho-mer Simp... son. Ho... mersimp... son." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Seymour Skinner answered "We'll just use the chains."
Bart Simpson replied: "Smart bunnies, Hef. I can call you Hef, can't I?"
Moe Szyslak replied: "You owe me... 70 billion dollars. No, wait, wait, wait... Oh, that's uh, for the Voyager Space Craft. Your tab's 14 billion dollars."
Marge Simpson replied: "I don't know. I heard radiation can make you sterile."
Bart Simpson answered: "Dude, we're in Flanders' house -- unsupervised."
"Wow. How do you do that thing with your feet?", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Ned, no! Think of your wives!"
Lisa Simpson: "I dreamed I was married to Corey, and we lived on a pony farm...and Corey was always walking around with his shirt off."
"I will, Mr. Gumbel. But if you'll excuse me, I'm profiling my dad for the school paper. I thought it would be neat to follow him around for a day to see what makes him tick.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner said "Superintendant Chalmers, I'd like you to meet our new school nurse, Lunchlady Doris."
Marge Simpson answered: "Homer, I don't know if I can ever forgive you. Please go away."
"How dare you mock my mobile-a-mobile? It was the first car to outrun a man." C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson responded "You should be."
"Oh, that's sweet.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Hi.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Maaaarge! Hey, Maaaaaarrrrge!"
"I know, sir. It's an embarrassment." Seymour Skinner answered.
"Don't worry, honey. I released them all into the wild.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, no! She's not gonna make it!"
"Gramma, have you ever thought about moving back to Springfield?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "How could you have it planned out? You just heard about the problem."
Marge Simpson replied: "Hello? Rita Lafleur? Did you know a man named Abe Simpson?"
"They have a vaccine!", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "I will help you. As long as our bellies never touch again like they are right now."
Homer Simpson responded: "Next problem."
Marge Simpson responded: "Hm, very smooth."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Side-mount! Takedown! Advantage! Reversal! Reversal! Clinch! Clinch, I say!"
"WHICH OLD WITCH?", Bart Simpson responded.
"Okay boy, let's see you talk yourself out of this one." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "Homer Simpson. Working with those plants is great! It's helped you get in touch with your feminine side."
Homer Simpson responded "Today we're working on poor sportsmanship."
"Church bulletin? Church bulletin? Church--", Homer Simpson replied.
"Mrs. Bellamy?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Hmmm. Maybe if I stand next to the games looking sad, someone will feel sorry for me and buy me one." Bart Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns said "Excellent."
"Can I bring my laser pointer?" Bart Simpson said.
"I'll have you know I buy the finest cuts of beef.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"/ Ooo!" Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "Deal! Next on the trading block, your Mickey Mantle -- 1958, mint condition -- for my picture of Homer on the couch."
"Eww." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Sorry, boss."
Marge Simpson said "Well why can't I be greedy once in awhile?"
"Mr. Burns is the richest man in town. Maybe it was about money." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Abandon gym!", Seymour Skinner responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Yes."
"They wouldn't honor my coupon for two free streaks." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "No you can't."
"Wow, thanks, Nelson! I'll come by your house later --" Bart Simpson said.
"Oh, poor Mom and Dad.", Lisa Simpson said.
"What? That's crazy.", Marge Simpson said.
"Well, I'm off to get the paintings. As they say, time is Monets. As you were, Sergeant.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Bart Simpson answered "You're right. The only thing left to do is to go into my dream and force Willie into a final showdown. You stay awake, and if it looks like I'm in trouble, wake me up."
Homer Simpson: "Why you little...!"
Marge Simpson replied "Don't you touch bead one! Homer, maybe we should be concerned. Catholics can be a peculiar bunch -- no birth control, no meat on Friday..."
Lisa Simpson responded: "No way."
Homer Simpson responded "Tangy."
"Holy moley! He's already made a clearing! Let's go for a glade!", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Lead-based toys! Lead-based toys!"
"My little Roman Polanski!", Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Grandma Simpson, will you be the first to sign the museum's guest book?"
Lisa Simpson replied: "They sell your posters...workout DVDs...and all of your practices are broadcast on a webcam."
Lisa Simpson answered "And you take me places you hate, like museums, plays, and the Olive Garden."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "One, two, three!"
Marge Simpson responded "Can't talk. Keeping myself in a state of cat-like readiness."
Homer Simpson answered "We left at 1:30 P.M. Monday. What time is it now?"
Bart Simpson replied "She seems upset. Maybe if I lay down a beat on my bongos, that'll soothe her."
"I know, me too. It's the ultimate screw-over.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Okay."
"Mr. Leonard, how'd you get in a movie?", Lisa Simpson replied.
"I had to fight! Lenny said his dad is Hulk Hogan, and I know he's not!", Homer Simpson answered.
"There's really only one choice. Or should I say two identical choices?" Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Sweetie, I have a very special surprise for you."
"Do I ever!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Stop it."
Lisa Simpson: "I propose to you that your heir need not be a boy. In this phallocentric society of ours..."
"Thanks." Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson answered: "And may I say I'm enjoying the calm waters of your deep, blue eyes?"
Homer Simpson answered: "That makes two of us."
Lisa Simpson: "Edna! Edna! Edna! Edna!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Why would I go to Utah? I love booze, caffeine, and monogamy."
"Bets don't talk. They see and raise." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "So, let's see how my burly-bottomed ball-handlers are faring. Smithers, we're leading two to nothing! Run out the clock, boys. Run out the clock..."
"Marge, I don't hate your mother. I just won't be sad when she dies. Forty-seven, forty-eight...", Homer Simpson said.
"No, it's terrible." Bart Simpson said.
"I'll say God." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Oh, really? Do reeky players get the game ball?"
"Sweetie, we can't afford to get you a cell phone. As it is, I'm buying frozen peas on installments." Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "Please, before you do anything, there's someone I'd like you to talk to."
Moe Szyslak said "Mannequin heads, you're working for me now."
"No way! Because I'm not dying." Homer Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak replied: "Here ya go! Here I am! Uncle Moe! Thank ya Ma'am! This'll be a treat! Uncle Moe! Here I am! While you eat!"
"Oh, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme!", Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders: "And in that mud, I'm plantin' the seed of friendship. Name's Ned Flanders!"
Homer Simpson said "You had me at comfort."
"You wear a bathing suit in the bathtub?" Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, no! It's Dad!", Bart Simpson responded.
"And you still don't...", Marge Simpson replied.
"Ned, I am so sorry.", Marge Simpson responded.
"I'm sorry, I thought you were Over-feeders Anonymous.", Homer Simpson answered.
"At your service, milady.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Feel that, Marge? He likes you!"
"So, my little Bartley, thinking of entering the tournament?" Ned Flanders answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Stupid family... won't even come to my Rapture... I went to Lisa's school play -- which had serious pacing problems."
Lisa Simpson: "What do you feel? What's inside you right now?"
Homer Simpson responded: "I knew nothing!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Steady, steady..."
"Oh, Dad. You sold your soul." Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "Ready?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Right on."
"Aw, guys. This is just what I needed." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "I'unno. Came outta the closet."
Lisa Simpson: "Well, I kind of like this guy..."
Homer Simpson responded "Forget Maggie! She's gone!"
Homer Simpson responded "Oh, it's probably due to your ugliness. But that doesn't mean we can't find you a woman. Come on, we're goin' to the darkest bar in town."
"Can you help him, Doctor?" Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "You're gonna have to fail that history test sooner or later."
"Homer! Homer!", Marge Simpson replied.
"Marge, Toot-Toot and her son escaped!" Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "And it's got no Pluto! How cutting edge!"
Homer Simpson said: "Don't stop till it's as natural as breathing."
"I spy with my little eye, a girl who's not sleeping in her room like she promised.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Gimme!"
Bart Simpson answered: "What's a fortnight?"
Bart Simpson replied: "Hey Seymour, I just realized something. You're stuck babysitting us losers which makes you the real loser!"
Marge Simpson answered: "Bart! That hobo skeleton is not a toy!"
Bart Simpson: "Now to leave a nice clean trail of bugs out of the swamp... the frogs follow... and Hooper's got a plague he can't handle."
"It's Grampa. And it sounds like he's gotten into the horseradish again." Marge Simpson answered.
"Homer Simpson. Class President.", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "Arrrgh!"
"Homie, you are so cute." Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "I'm sorry you have to leave. But I just can't think of another way."
"Woww!", Bart Simpson said.
"Willie, sometime over the holiday weekend, the beloved Grade Four gerbil, er, Superdude, lost his life. I need you to air out the classroom and give Superdude a proper burial." Seymour Skinner replied.
"Oh well, who cares. Michael Jackson is coming to my house!", Bart Simpson responded.
"NO IS THE SADDEST EXPERIENCE YOU'LL EVER KNOW / YES, IT'S THE SADDEST EXPERIENCE YOU'LL EVER KNOW..." Lisa Simpson responded.
"My own plaque! And one for Vice President Butthead! Cool.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Woo hoo! I'm the last of the Simpsons!" Bart Simpson said.
"Marco!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Ew. Dog water." Homer Simpson replied.
"Hm, the French have gotten into the wine game. Good luck catchin' up with the big boys." Homer Simpson said.
"Just what are you guys up to?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "I owe Dad so much. Those bedtime stories began my lifelong love affair with the printed word."
"We did." Bart Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns: "No, the promise of a new day is more than enough exhilaration for me."
"Dad, mom trusted us with a secret--" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "And there's something else it might be good for."
"Will you stop that?!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Can you believe publishers would lie to their readers just to make an easy million bucks?" Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "Bart, sweetie, this is an opportunity for you to turn things around, yet again. And I believe in you. Yet again."
"Where are we going?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Disemboweler 4, the game where condemned criminals dig at each other with rusty hooks.", Bart Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns: "Yes, I'd like thirty-seven snifters of your influenza syrup. One for me, one for Smithers here and the rest for my hounds."
Homer Simpson replied "Babies of Springfield! We need your help! Please! Skin your knees! Put dice up your nose! Let cats sleep on your face!"
"Hey, look, another spaceship!" Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "Don Quixote?"
Seymour Skinner replied: "You're right. It's hopeless. No one has that kind of money."
"Wait! I have been sent to lead the French army to victory." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Now. I'll give you directions, starting from the Simpsons' house..." Seymour Skinner responded.
"What kind of American man doesn't want to explore global food culture?", Lisa Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Why it's Fred Flintstone and his lovely wife, Wilma! Oh, and this must be little Pebbles! Mind if I come in? I brought chocolates."
Homer Simpson answered: "I will, when it's not sports season. I just want to know how the game ends."
Lisa Simpson said: "Oh, that's cute."
Marge Simpson replied: "Well, I think it's good to give both ideas a fair hearing. Maybe they could learn from each other."
"Well... for example... you could see how many you can lick in an hour, and then try to break that record.", Seymour Skinner said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Now put your left leg into the left side of the pants -- and you're done."
"Homie! What are you doing home so early?", Marge Simpson replied.
"Cool, Larry the Looter!", Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "Lisa, you have to wait."
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Excellent."
Moe Szyslak responded: "So what? Your beer's German, and the TV's Japanese ."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Oh no! We left Grampa back at the gas station."
"So if you wore a Hawaiian shirt, it wouldn't be gay?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Oh, yeah, a dog like this you have to feed every day." Homer Simpson replied.
"A pack of sugar and peanut butter smeared on a playing card.", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "That means it's working."
Seymour Skinner replied "Who is it, Mother?"
Moe Szyslak answered: "Maya is gonna love the new me!"
Bart Simpson responded: "I stole this..."
"Kids, wait in the car. I want to talk to your mother about this play thing." Homer Simpson said.
"Come on! Would you--", Homer Simpson responded.
"Willie, there are no more lessons. You're a proper gentleman, my work is done.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "I'm still not givin' up on Buck. There must be some hare-brained half-assed way..."
"What a combination -- hot chicks and stupid Flanders.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "Psyche!"
"Your mother's right, Bart. Sure, you're the one who ruined all of Sideshow Bob's criminal schemes --", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered "Of course he did."
Lisa Simpson answered: "The Great Wall of China was begun nearly two thousand years ago in order to repel barbarian invaders."
"Don't watch that DVD!" Marge Simpson responded.
"Normal. You?", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "Both."
C. Montgomery Burns said "Begone from my sight."
"What do you mean, the last one alive?", Bart Simpson responded.
"Well, you're not Thomas Edison." Marge Simpson responded.
"A completely new hairstyle!" Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded: "On the ground!"
Marge Simpson responded: "All right, Grampa. I'll help you get your license back."
"Yeah, she got to drink milk as a kid instead of white paint.", Bart Simpson replied.
"I'm sleeping on the couch.", Marge Simpson said.
"I don't need you to do any of this. I'm totally self-sufficient now. What I would like, though, is a Spanish peanut." C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Check it out, ladies. The suit that makes me completely invulnerable to bear attack.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "It's time to hit him where he lives."
Marge Simpson: "Homie... I think we're not alone."
"Homer, these are people you work with. Show some restraint." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Let him speak!"
"Whoopsie. I'll just get it out with more wine." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Could that fat ghost be telling the truth? First I've got to get Uncle Claudius to confess, then I've gotta kill him." Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "S'okay, Buck! Bad hop, bad hop!"
Marge Simpson responded: "Oooh, a cookbook!"
"I have nothing he wants." Homer Simpson answered.
"Stupid, stupid, stupid!" Homer Simpson replied.
"I've got it all on this dictabelt. Move in, boys!" C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson replied: "I don't care what that letter said. This man raised me single-handedly. When I think of all the things he's done for me... the many times he..."
Bart Simpson replied "So you see, Chief, Snake wasn't stealing that stuff out of greed. He was stealing it to thank me."
Bart Simpson said: "More than I can count."
Bart Simpson replied "There's gotta be something yummy out there."
C. Montgomery Burns replied "I see. You have thirty seconds to wow me."
Homer Simpson said: "It's not for me to judge, Ned because... I am the better man!"
Homer Simpson answered "Babies."
"You got that right. Throw on the mesquite, Bart!" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded "Ooo, I wonder how much that one is. Gotta look without looking like I'm looking."
"Ms. Cantwell, I can make this stop. All you have to do is... like me.", Lisa Simpson said.
"You're right!" Bart Simpson answered.
"Ow, pointy. Eww, slimy. Uh-oh, moving. Ah-ha!", Homer Simpson said.
"I warned you guys that seniors always vote in record numbers." Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded: "But those candy bars are all squished and melted."
Homer Simpson responded "Well... I acquired it legally, you can be sure of that."
"Again with the blonde! Why in the world would the color of the hair on someone's head have anything to do with the intelligence within?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Hey, you passed the lumberyard.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Gonna make it! Gonna make it!", Homer Simpson said.
"Krusty Visits Relatives in Annapolis, Maryland...", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "Now what are you doing?"
"Okay, okay. This time I'll just go into those bushes over there, make a lot of noise and flush out a rabbit. When he comes out, you step on him.", Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Oh, there's an original sentiment."
Homer Simpson answered: "The Senior Olympics? That's what I was supposed to remember?!"
Lisa Simpson said "The only way to get Bart back is to kill the head vampire, Mr. Burns."
"Springfield Baby-Proofing?" Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "Fatal to the people in the other car. Let's roll!"
"But I don't want to!" Moe Szyslak replied.
"Yeah, but didn't Grasshopperus kill Chad Everett?", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "Well, I guess for the next few months, yes, I'll be your mother."
Homer Simpson responded: "Hi, honey."
"Those bullies are gonna kill me! Why am I doing this?" Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "I know you are, but what am I?"
"But, Dad, you'll never make it." Bart Simpson replied.
"It was Thomas Edison, Dad." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Can I just trim the hem?" Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Soy sauce!"
"He's a big TV star." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Holy moley!"
"Wait, let me check the book." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Sweetie, if we didn't turn it down for the cops, what chance do you have? He hit her again.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "Homer, change channel!"
Bart Simpson replied "I've already eaten."
"How was what? What?" Lisa Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Thank you, sir, may I have another?"
"Oh, your beer. Uh, is draft okay? Just put in the tap last week.", Ned Flanders answered.
"Don't worry. We've got two hours before it burns down to my head.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "By the box lady herself!"
Marge Simpson answered "No."
"What?" Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "Speaking of disasters, have you seen this? Springfield Dodge bought too much inventory, and they've only got one weekend to get rid of all the '07s!"
"Flanders, stop that.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Thanks to her!"
"Hey, Midge! You want a piece of my ziti?" Moe Szyslak replied.
"Dad, cheese truck!", Bart Simpson replied.
"I wish we lived in the kitty house.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said: "I'm worried about Mom. She's been sitting there just petting the dog for two hours."
"That's it, a plane!", Homer Simpson said.
"Moe, I need your advice.", Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, this is heavy. Okay, Homer, don't fear the Reaper." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Don't worry, I make six of those a year."
"Huh? Aye carumba!", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Water bill, third notice... jury duty, third notice... mortgage bill, ooh, second notice..."
Marge Simpson responded "I don't, but I loved hearing it!"
"What?!" Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh. A little sterile... no real insight. What do you think, Miss Hoover?" Seymour Skinner replied.
"Bye, Bart. Stay ten forever.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Pick me! Pick me!"
"Oh yeah. The trick is to say you're prejudiced against all races." Homer Simpson responded.
"Eat some corn!" Marge Simpson said.
"Poor fellow. Crushed by his own water bottle...", Seymour Skinner answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Bart no like. Bad medicine."
"Oh, Arthur Fortune!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Come on, party pooper -- bust a move!"
"Does he have a computer?" Moe Szyslak answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Because they can't let me have a secret. It drives them crazy."
Homer Simpson: "You're right. What's this?"
"No I don't!", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "They sure are."
"Never!" Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner: "She dispatched a team of nuns to the New World to seek this fabulous gem..."
Moe Szyslak answered "Uh, hey 'Pu. I just want you to know that I got one of your kids here. This ain't a kidnapping thing, but if you're in the mood to give me a million dollars, that's cool. This should not be interpreted by federal agents as a threat. Once again, no threat, but will take the dough."
"Hey, Chief.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Welcome back, Dad."
"EATING MAKES ME THIRS-TY" Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "Dad, you ate all the free samples. Now you're eating men's slacks."
Bart Simpson responded: "Mr. Plow!"
Homer Simpson responded "Uh, Mr. Smithers? I don't understand 2700 of my new duties."
"They left without you too, you idiot.", Lisa Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Oh, son of a bi..."
Homer Simpson said: "Oh."
"To decide how much your electricity bills will rise, I've assembled a team of distinguished economists...and placed plausible rate hike percentages on their backs.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Squawky, until I met you, I never thought I could love something bald." Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "Um, well, I know hell and damn and bi--"
"Sing what you just said, then play a little guitar riff.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner said "Terrible, just terrible. You know, they seem to get worse every year."
"Hey, I'm happy to see Milhouse get some hand-on-hand action. But no one is cooler than Bartholomew J. Simpson.", Bart Simpson said.
"Oh, hey, hey, we've offended Herman.", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Well, I don't care what you say, she still loves us more. Don't you, Snowball?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Marge... I've gotta be honest..."
Bart Simpson: "Check it out, Dad. You can print out the headline from the day you were born."
Bart Simpson replied: "Hell, yes."
"They're always bragging about their trip to Rome. It was twelve years ago and it was a layover. I want new friends!" Marge Simpson said.
"Homer! You're trying to talk us into moving to this place.", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "Mom, can't a man do something nice for his loved ones?"
"How sweet it is!", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "Okay. We all know why we're here, right?"
Seymour Skinner: "O-okay, Libya. Exports."
Homer Simpson responded: "Ewww!"
"What an honor! We've been called into the presence of --" Homer Simpson responded.
"Are you gonna call the police?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "Dad, these old stories can't compare with our modern super-writers. Stephen Bochco could kick Shakespeare's ass."
Bart Simpson responded "I guess you can."
Homer Simpson said "Where's the other girder?"
"The next day, we started auditioning for Chief Wiggum's replacement...", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Bart, don't ask stupid questions. Is there any frontal nudity?"
Seymour Skinner: "The very same."
"That's Jebediah's secret confession. It proves he was a fraud.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "Wow, this place is great. That couch looks really pricey."
"Something for the sweetest little scientist in the world. A new chemistry set.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Ooh.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "Homer, pay attention!"
"I mean, Heeeyy.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "The principal said potty!"
Homer Simpson responded: "What are you lookin' at, buddy?"
"Are you okay, Lisa?" Homer Simpson said.
"Nah, he's just a cheap imitation of Radioactive Man.", Bart Simpson said.
"In real life he would die.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "But..."
"Sorry, Harv." Moe Szyslak responded.
"You can't stay in there forever!", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "I don't think so, either."
"Listen... what would you say if I told you a woman did most of the work?" Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "I will, Dad."
"Hmmm, true." Homer Simpson answered.
"You wish." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "I'll be right in, Lisa!"
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Huh... This is all so sudden..."
"Saxophone! He was a jazz musician." Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "Hey, you've had a lot of visitors."
"I'll just kiss your bellybutton." Moe Szyslak answered.
"What are you doing with my children?!", Marge Simpson responded.
"That's me!" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Hey, Mom." Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "My name's Lisa and I was playing hide and seek when I met you ladies. Please don't hurt me."
"I can't help you! I'm just a little boy!", Bart Simpson replied.
"Wait! Mom, I don't want you to see this." Bart Simpson said.
"Slob.", Homer Simpson said.
"I could get two...?", Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "Thanks a lot, Chief."
Homer Simpson said: "Not for you it isn't. You're in the grease business now."
"They have beer and gum, right?", Homer Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders said: "Homer, is that my muffler?"
"Knock it off." Bart Simpson responded.
"That's a DVD of a Fellini movie!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner responded "Oh.. uh... sorry."
"Wonderful year.", Seymour Skinner replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "You can check my carry-on, but you can't check my spirit! And why is there moisture between the windows?! And don't wake me up to land! Just land!"
Marge Simpson responded: "Homer aren't you afraid you might be, I don't know, incurring God's wrath?"
"You damn well better!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh, well, it's very tempting. Really a wonderful idea."
"Uh... Mr. Burns, in spite of what everybody thinks, I'm no lover-boy.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Tom Savini?" Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "I'd like to be alone for a while."
"Well, we'll always have the laun-dro-mat." Seymour Skinner responded.
"Gee, a romantic evening. Nah, she's too smart to fall for that." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Hey, man, I don't want your stupid glue."
"Come on... come on... you son of a--", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "Well, aren't you?"
Homer Simpson responded "Lisa, no! Your hands are too weak!"
"Whoops.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, Marge called you. She said... uh... that she loves you and she hopes you break the guy's arm so hard that it pokes through his skin.", Moe Szyslak said.
Lisa Simpson replied "Let's move."
"Boo." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded: "Uh... the batter hit it by accident, not by design."
"Oh great! And uh, try to put a good face on this. Tell them this is one of those places where rich women lose weight." Homer Simpson answered.
"Help me! Help me!", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Flanders, you're not supposed to help him."
"I'll get the ball out of your peach basket one of these days.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Bart Simpson answered "Way to go, Dad. You actually outwitted someone."
Homer Simpson replied "My name is Nelthon! I use a thalad fork. La-dee-dah! I wash my face!"
Bart Simpson answered "Hey, everybody, whoa, look at me. I'm over here. Turn this way right now."
Homer Simpson said: "Welcome to the real world, hippies!"
"Attention, everyone.", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "The least common blood type is A--B, B--A, C--A.B., D--O. D'oh!"
"Shiiiii... pwreck!" Homer Simpson answered.
"What is it?" Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "French Nuclear Commissioner Etienne Ducharme."
Homer Simpson replied: "But... Yes, ma'am."
"I'm filing a class action lawsuit against Big Sugar. Would you like to give a deposition?", Marge Simpson replied.
"Look, teabag, just fork over the brown." Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "Bart."
Moe Szyslak replied "There's a naked idiot on the field!"
"Hello?", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Sorry, boy. This is the only place that's two hundred feet from Lisa but still on our property."
"Oh, don't worry about the Mr. X thing. I'm just here for a beer." Homer Simpson answered.
"I'm sorry, Homer. Have you thought about what you want to tell the kids?", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Hey, don't rock the boat, man. Whatever it is, we're making out like bandits."
"BY THE POWER OF THIS PLACE / MAKE A BABY WITH A FACE." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "That was the end piece. That's it! Being abusive to your family is one thing but I will not stand idly by and watch you feed a hungry dog. Go to your room!"
"Whoa! Whoa! All right, okay. I promise you victory. I promise you good times.", Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "O TANNENBAUM, O TANNENBAUM..."
Marge Simpson answered: "Whatever it does, it's doing it now."
"One of each, please.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Ooooh... ooh, hot wax... ooh, hammer..."
Marge Simpson answered "Your life-long dream was to run out on the field during a baseball game, and you did it last year, remember?"
Homer Simpson replied "Well Marge, you did have that one sip of alcohol while you were pregnant..."
Bart Simpson responded: "Domer."
"Say goodbye to Grampa, everyone." Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "Hi, Dad. How was work?"
Marge Simpson answered: "We had a family meeting and decided that even though what you said about us was incredibly thoughtless and hurtful, you had a point."
"Now Ralph is in this play with me. I just know he's going to embarrass me in front of the whole school.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"And I miss being your knight in flabby armor.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Bart, go out to the shed and get some more butane!", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "This is where I live."
"The half-assed approach to foundation repair.", Homer Simpson replied.
"It's funny 'cause it's true!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Yes, there is. Come on, everybody, let's go into Shelbyville and get those kids back ourselves! I got an R.V. we can use... Flanders's!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Awesome!", Bart Simpson responded.
"I'm so tense, I can't enjoy Count Almaviva serenading the intended bride of Dr. Bartolo. I just can't." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Come on. Come to Poppa."
"You see, he hasn't changed!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "And now, Padre, if you would do the honors."
Bart Simpson replied: "To try and cut back a little?"
"Smithers! What's happening?!", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Bart Simpson replied "We hold these truths to be self-evident. We hold these truths to be self-evident."
Marge Simpson replied "Why don't you just take Britney Beers and get outta here!"
"Flanders, Flanders, uh, uh, when should a boy start dating?", Homer Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner: "Do you think Mother would like this hat pin?"
"Now I'm ." Homer Simpson answered.
"Enjoy. And as for you, Homer, don't worry. You're at Moe's tavern -- lady-free since eighty-three.", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Oh the list of things you don't know could fill a week's worth of morning announcements, with enough left over for a send-home flyer!", Seymour Skinner responded.
"Ah, some nice bedtime readin'.", Moe Szyslak said.
"I've got an idea... but I'll need that broccoli.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"PEACE ON EARTH AND MERCY MILD...", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Then I'm afraid there's no choice but to give up the pony back.", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "It's ten in the morning!"
Lisa Simpson said "I'm not here."
"This partnership is over!" Ned Flanders answered.
"I'm going out for a walk.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "The Flanders are a buncha geeks, man."
Homer Simpson: "Now remember, Marge, we're not buying anything for more than one-point-two. But if I scratch my nose, that means we can go to one-point-five."
"Dad, it's a scam!", Lisa Simpson said.
"Smithers!", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"This is a public school!" Seymour Skinner said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Ay caramba!"
"Yeah. She sure is." Moe Szyslak responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Sorry, Mrs. Simpson."
Homer Simpson responded "I knew if we got up early enough, we could sneak away from Bart and Lisa. Kids don't beat me, I beat kids."
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Simpson! Put on your charm-their-pants-off pants! The mumpish oafs in Washington are sending their sternest band of nuclear regulators, handpicked to resist all blandishment."
Homer Simpson: "Dondelinger!"
Marge Simpson replied "I'm serious. You never finished painting the garage."
"When we got married I promised you a life full of romance. Now here it is.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "If he's so smart, how come he's dead?"
"Um... that uh... bake sale revenue projections are through the roof.", Seymour Skinner responded.
"Don't play dumb with me. We found your book.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Jimbo Jones...", Seymour Skinner responded.
"He does all the time. You just never listen." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Boy, that..."
"Oh well, thanks, honey. Remember, there's nothing that says you can't be a Simpson and a success." Homer Simpson said.
"DADDY'S BACK AND SHE'S FEELIN' LIKE SHE OUGHTER!" Bart Simpson said.
"Miss work? But my life would be nothing without the nucleon plant.", Homer Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner: "I'll just lock this door."
Bart Simpson said "Good for you. No more drinkin'?"
Marge Simpson replied "It's what I do."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Hm, I kinda want to create my own thing. Do you sell any just plain sets?"
"Bye-bye, job." Homer Simpson responded.
"Dad, is it hard for you to turn these bribes down?" Bart Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "One day, while I was savoring the exclusivity--"
Homer Simpson replied: "It took me years to forge that groove."
"Umm... What the hey. I'll take the job.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "How do you know about Carl's family?"
Marge Simpson: "It's not a punishment. But you can't just eat dinner. You have to be gentlemanly and attentive."
"Homer, you're crazy!", Marge Simpson responded.
"Okay, so maybe that thing's a hunk of junk, but look at what you're selling!" Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner responded "Skinner!"
Bart Simpson: "Oh, what good's a credit card if you can't even use it?"
"That's me! Safety dance!", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Ahh, Bart. Daddy's little angel."
Marge Simpson answered: "I don't want a drug boat."
"Oh Marge! I love you! I love you! I love you!", Homer Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders answered "You'd probably get a better deal at a mall back home."
Homer Simpson answered "My mouth. My beautiful mouth."
"Look at all the empty calories." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "I know. If I get really scared, I don't want to ruin the suit."
"Simpson, I have a confession. I'm not quite the tunnel digger I made myself out to be.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Marge Simpson said: "Orlando? Are we going to Sea World?"
Homer Simpson: "Yeah, just like we did with Bart. Anyway, this year I'm gonna recreate our magical first anniversary, ending with a romantic ride on that..."
"You and me, chopper to chopper.", Homer Simpson answered.
"What could happen?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh... Marge!" Homer Simpson replied.
"What? We're not ready to compete!", Marge Simpson said.
"Wait a minute. Are you trying to get dirt on Lisa?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Marge, this is so depressing. My only hope is this homemade Prozac. Hmm... needs more ice-cream."
"Oh, I didn't realize...", Marge Simpson said.
"Anyway, over torture, one of your soldiers mentioned that you collect giant wooden animals. We hope you don't have a horse." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded "It wasn't that great."
"No, because they pass the savings onto me, the consumer." Homer Simpson said.
"I guess I'd better tell them I'm coming home." Marge Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner answered: "Willie! Cut me a switch!"
Homer Simpson replied: "I'll get mini-dumpsters of wings from Garbage Wings!"
"Y'ello.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Christ be with you."
Homer Simpson said "A haircut? Let me see!"
"I know very little about children.", Seymour Skinner responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Of course I know! Sure! You really thought I forgot, didn't you?"
"Well, that's great, honey." Marge Simpson replied.
"But I haven't finished my rituals yet!", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "Uh, we don't need to stop here."
"Put the rope in your teeth!" Bart Simpson responded.
"Well, I looked into it, and it turns out I was responsible.", Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Chief Wiggum, can you drive me to school? It's an emergency."
Bart Simpson answered: "Faster, Dad. Truckasaurous awaits."
"Smithers, I'm a proud fellow, and it's not easy for me to admit defeat. But I know just the thing to make me feel better -- shopping!" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Wake up!" Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "I said, you just lost yourself a customer!"
"That was awesome!", Bart Simpson replied.
"Son, when you participate in sporting events, it's not whether you win or lose. It's how drunk you get." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "Why are you greeting low-lifes like us at the airport?"
Bart Simpson answered "Milhouse! Milhouse! Now what do I do?"
"This session's under." Homer Simpson answered.
"I wasn't thinking that! Carl's our good friend." Homer Simpson responded.
"Yes.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Chloe, these kebabs you made are as good or better than anything I've ever had at this table." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Come on, I'll drive you to the airport."
Bart Simpson answered: "Eh, I got standards. I don't hand out high-fives like Chiclets."
"Does it get you into special exhibits?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Well, that was under our old price structure. Under our new price structure, your bill comes to a total of seven hundred dollars. Now, you've already paid me four dollars, so that's just six hundred and ninety-six dollars more that you owe me." Homer Simpson responded.
"Knowing you always hate my first idea, I prepared a backup. How about a big Olympic hello for Springy, the Springfield Spring!", Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, I got ya.", Bart Simpson said.
"Eh, sure." Moe Szyslak responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Everyone gets an award but me."
"Cool. Grampa, Homer. Grampa, Homer.", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "We've got no car!"
Marge Simpson responded "Homer, you can't order anything from that magazine. It's twenty-five years old."
"Unspool it into my mouth till that card is at zero." Homer Simpson answered.
"You're in big trouble, mister. I'm bleeding!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "The burgers are getting cold, guys. Holy moly."
Homer Simpson said: "Huh?"
Marge Simpson said "Fine."
"KINDLY DEEDS / AND THEY'RE DONE FOR FREE / KINDLY DEEDS / AND THEY'RE DONE FOR FREE" Ned Flanders said.
"People of Springfield, as a nerd, I understand your desire for revenge, but this sweet, harmless man is not the same remorseless monster who tormented us all.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"That kind of small scale violence solves nothing.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "We'll just tell the police and then I'm back to being plain old Rock Strongo."
"I see. While it would be an honor to be your queen...", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Nice part of town you got here. Too bad you keep it so far away. Now that we're best friends, can I get the baby elf?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh no, I crushed that horrible bug. What should I do?" Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "Dad, I agree that Bart should be punished, but the Itchy and Scratchy movie is the defining event of our generation. How would you have liked it if someone told you that you couldn't watch the moon landing?"
"What have you done with my party guests?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Okay, field-trippers, welcome to the Springfield Tide Pools -- nature's most fecund eco-system!", Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Hey Moe, you got any Fudd?"
Homer Simpson replied "And chili fries!"
"Okay, but first the chest.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Actually, Dad, as the supervising parent today, you'll get your share of the blame, too." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Hmm, you're right. It is the golden age of well-written, brilliantly-acted TV shows."
Lisa Simpson: "We should thank our lucky stars they're still putting out a program of this caliber after so many years."
Lisa Simpson: "Intelligence?"
"And you're a nuclear technician?", Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded "Krusty, your dad's a rabbi -- how could you not have had a Bar Mitzvah?"
Homer Simpson replied: "That Lenny sure had a crazy apartment."
C. Montgomery Burns said: "And so in the spirit of fence-mending and grudge-not-bearing, I hereby rename the Burns Germ Warfare Lab The Grandma Simpson Peace Museum and Kid-teractive Learnatorium."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Chief Wig-gum... Don't eat... the clues."
Homer Simpson responded "Can ya believe it, Marge? This job is the greatest -- they're paying me to eat!"
"Hello there, Flan-didly-danders." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "Don't forget to give her Smeckler's Powder!"
"Noah. I like that name. No-ahhh. Noah. Noah!" Marge Simpson responded.
"Uh... that's okay.", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "Way to go, Mrs. K! You finally hooked the Skinfish!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Yeah. Those are exactly my sentimonies."
"He'll tire himself out soon.", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson: "I'm gonna ask people if they know their servants' last names, or, in the case of butlers, their first."
Homer Simpson: "Bed goes up... Kids, I want to give you some words to remember me by in case something happens. Let's see... uh... Oh, I'm no good at this."
Lisa Simpson responded: "But the atmosphere there was so stimulating. It was a bustling marketplace of ideas."
"Something better!" Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Sey-mour..."
"What a rip off.", Seymour Skinner replied.
"Okay, but promise you won't be grouchy.", Lisa Simpson said.
"So, um, you're not in the mood anymore, are you?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "You mean water?"
"Ah, they just came for the buffalo wings. But you really got through to me." Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "I stand corrected."
"Man, you really are into me, huh?" Moe Szyslak replied.
Lisa Simpson responded "Da-ad!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Kill! Kill. Kill."
Homer Simpson replied "You'll do as your told."
"Maggie, you're coming home with me!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Unbelievable.", Lisa Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "You saw right through me. Well done! Have some congratulatory drugs."
"No.", Marge Simpson said.
"That Theremin has paid for itself again and again." Seymour Skinner responded.
"Lots of feed, that sounds good.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Look, a flying saucer!", Homer Simpson answered.
"A truckload of applesauce!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Say, that sounds like a larf. Let's try it right now." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Marge Simpson: "Homer, this is a terrible thing that's happened, but we can't blame ourselves."
Homer Simpson responded "Can it wait, son? It's getting kinda dark."
Homer Simpson answered "Aw, it's no use, son. By the time I get out of here you'll be grown. TURN AROUND / TURN AROUND / TURN AROUND AND YOU'RE A YOUNG MAN / AND YOU'RE TOO BIG TO CHOKE."
"This young sapling ought to do the trick.", Homer Simpson responded.
"WE'RE GOING TO A REST'RANT GRAND OP'NING / WE'RE GOING TO A REST'RANT GRAND OP'NING...", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "You will not sing unless there's a sing-along, and never take the tray out of the caterer's hand."
Homer Simpson: "A sign!"
"Isn't that cute? A bush-baby." Lisa Simpson responded.
"But you're not even using them." Lisa Simpson answered.
"You guys made a snowman family?", Bart Simpson replied.
"I'm off!", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Wow. I assumed The Jackson Five were the only perfect family, but now I see there's another."
"I've never wanted a beer worse in my life." Homer Simpson responded.
"Smithers, my plan worked perfectly. Bart Simpson will live here as my son, and I will mold him in my own graven image. Who knows, I may even grow to love him. Bartholomew!", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Twen... forty-eight. This is it." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Pfft."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Is everything ready for the secret meeting, Smithers?"
Marge Simpson answered: "Ooo, he's quite a little dancer."
"Marge, what are you doing here?", Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, it's my first MyBill. Twelve hundred dollars?! But I only downloaded... twelve hundred and twelve songs!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Yeah, so? Come on! More kissing!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Lou! Lou!" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "That was at my expense. What kind of a roast is this?"
Homer Simpson answered "You don't need that."
Homer Simpson answered "Probably needs to be more powerful."
Homer Simpson said: "Sir, today every country has a national anthem. Did they have national anthems two thousand years ago?"
"I just think they're neat." Marge Simpson said.
"No. I assume it has hay.", Bart Simpson responded.
"No.", Marge Simpson responded.
"I had a fight with Milhouse." Bart Simpson said.
"Sounds like a plan!" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Die, you chalk-faced goons!"
"Marge, I've always loved you. Bart, you were a worthy foe.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "And then I said to the president... get this Marge? Marge?"
Lisa Simpson answered: "Ha, ha, ha, you wet your pants."
"Heel? Oh no, tell me you are not trying to be like Grampa!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "So, sweetie, am I your hero again?"
"I literally chewed the scenery." Homer Simpson responded.
"I'm outta here.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "That's it. It's one thing for a ghost to terrorize my children, but quite another for him to play my theremin."
Homer Simpson responded "Boy, did you make a prank call to Brazil?"
"I used to hate the smell of your sweaty feet. Now it's the smell of victory.", Homer Simpson answered.
"We're outta here." Homer Simpson responded.
"I happen to remember it just a little differently." Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner: "That's why I love elementary school, Edna. The children believe anything you tell them."
"I'm aware of the time.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Let's see. One, two, three... six whiskeys!"
Bart Simpson answered: "What's this stuff for?"
Homer Simpson said "WE GOT AMERICA FEVER / WE GOT AMERICA FEVER!"
"But, there was one thing I wasn't prepared for..." Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak said "Moe's Tavern. Hold on, I'll check. ... Hey everybody! I'm a stupid moron with an ugly face and a big butt, and my butt smells, and I like to kiss my own butt."
Marge Simpson responded: "Bart, I want you to go down to Moe's Tavern. I need you to bring your father home."
Homer Simpson replied "Sorry, Marge -- I gotta break in my ski boots some time."
"Here comes my commercial. In six, five, four...", Homer Simpson said.
"Bart! What are you doing in my room?!" Lisa Simpson said.
"Networks love reality shows because they don't have to pay writers or actors.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Uh, yeah, sure. That thing.", Homer Simpson replied.
"No, it's Homer.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Y'see? This is the stuff Mom won't do with me." Bart Simpson said.
"Now boy, everyone in town gets Burns for half an hour to do as they will." Homer Simpson said.
"This is the most selfish thing you've ever done!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"I know one person who believes you were the Pie Man, Homie... me. I've known it all along.", Marge Simpson said.
"But my parents are counting on seeing me dance! And I've worked ever so hard.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "It's not what you think... I came here to warn them... yes, to warn them about, um..."
Marge Simpson responded: "Still, it would have been nice to bring home at least one paycheck."
"Mom, if you're gonna do this, there's one thing I need to know. And be honest. What's your soda refill policy?", Bart Simpson responded.
"Congratulations, sweetie. You're in the finals!", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Okay. Here we go."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Oh, I'd love to!"
Bart Simpson said "Milhouse, quick!"
"Aw, Homer was spendin' money like a teenage Arab. He bought me a Rolex and, ah, cashmere jeans. I felt kinda guilty 'cause I was always trying to score with his wife. So, when do we start filming? Oh." Moe Szyslak responded.
"Yup, pretty much. Except we drove around in a van solving mysteries.", Homer Simpson replied.
"No! Stay outta there! Stay outta there! Aw, Good God, no!!", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Can I just...?" Bart Simpson responded.
"Wow! Have you ever seen so many robot cowboys?", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Mr. Fairbanks, lookin' at your boat I gotta say, Gramma bet on the wrong horse."
Homer Simpson said "Some special helpers that'll make you a good boy."
Lisa Simpson answered: "I believe I know the answer."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Wait, there's a commercial!"
"Bleh. This virtual fudge tastes like crap.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "Thanks. I just washed them."
"How was your day, sweetheart?", Marge Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak responded "Oh no you don't! I just got an idea."
Homer Simpson responded: "Still on the fence."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Sideshow Bob!"
"My whole romantic life is flashing before my eyes.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh. Hee, hee. Sorry." Homer Simpson answered.
"Good Lord, I may lose Edna forever. I've gotta stop her from winning. Then she'll be broken, miserable and mine.", Seymour Skinner replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "You what?"
Marge Simpson responded: "What's gotten into you?"
"Good evening, Principal Skinner and welcome to our home." Bart Simpson responded.
"Okay, I'll try the green." Homer Simpson said.
"Good night, son." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Hey, how would you like to show him up by beating him at his own game?"
"No they don't. They--" Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "Dad, Bart ate a green bean during the blessing."
Lisa Simpson answered: "I concur!"
"That'll do, brick, that'll do.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "That's because I've loaded it with sugar!!... Marge, our ship has come in! I found five hundred pounds of sugar -- in the forest -- that I'm gonna sell directly to the consumer. And all for a low, low price of one dollar per pound."
Bart Simpson replied "Put it in the bank."
"Take that!" Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "My strobe light!"
Marge Simpson said: "But I like that statue."
Lisa Simpson answered: "No mom, it counts as a hit. Dad just won the game."
Lisa Simpson answered "I'll take ten bucks no-ow."
"Lisa, if I ever stop loving violence, I want you to shoot me.", Bart Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak: "Well, uh... what do you like?"
"Oh, who am I kidding? The truth is, I'm no missionary. I work in a nuclear power plant." Homer Simpson said.
"I got a plastic Krusty-saurus." Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Well how are we supposed to get fuel?"
"Myra, can ya help me out here?", Bart Simpson replied.
"Sneh.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Gonna what, Homer?" Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "Hi yo!"
"Eww. This is the worst place yet.", Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Apaches!"
"Shut up!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Deal. My brother..."
Homer Simpson: "The mother of my children with the reason for my children!"
"Yeah, I promise.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Pause the assembly! I have to talk to my wife!" Ned Flanders answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "How'd it go? Tell me everything that happened! He didn't give you Gay, did he? Did he?"
Lisa Simpson answered: "So, there I am being nice to Alex, and she takes all of my friends and ditches me."
"A black hole? I'm sorry, can we call it that?", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "Sorry, Dad. Women and children first."
Homer Simpson answered "Twist off, dammit!"
Lisa Simpson said "Sorry, Ralph. That would defeat the purpose of testing as a means of student evaluation."
"Oh wouldn't I? Just listen." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "Dad, is this another one of those situations that could be solved by a simple apology?"
Homer Simpson answered "Ugh, too eighties."
Lisa Simpson said: "I don't get it, Bart. You got all upset when you killed one bird, but now you've killed tens of thousands and it doesn't bother you at all."
Lisa Simpson replied "I don't know. Maybe they're all reverse vampires, and they have to get home before dark."
Ned Flanders said "Wow."
"Well this is one dilly of a daily, Lisa. Can't wait for tomorrow's!", Ned Flanders replied.
"After breakfast me and Milhouse are goin' down to the ravine. We got a tip from a six year old that there's a dead Martian down there.", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "Hello, mother dear."
"It doesn't take a whiz to see that you're looking out for number one. Well, listen to me and you'll make a big splash very soon." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"But I...", Marge Simpson responded.
"Wha?" Lisa Simpson said.
"There's only one can of beer left and it's Bart's." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded: "What a magical city! Can we come back next year, Dad?"
"A rescue plane! Get the flare gun!" Bart Simpson said.
"Oh, this is so embarrassing, calling 'em from a nut house. I mean, they think I'm a god." Homer Simpson said.
"Nonsense, Larry, your blood is bluer than any of theirs! Just give them a snootful of the old Burns charm!", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Uh-oh. We're starting to attract swingers.", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "Well, I didn't come this far not to cheat."
Bart Simpson said "I grow weary of this new channel. Change it back."
Homer Simpson responded: "Ooh! Can I have my special cup?"
Bart Simpson replied: "Can we get our big Christmas tree now?"
"Why, Sue Dokes, you rascal! I thought you were dead and--", Ned Flanders replied.
Moe Szyslak answered: "Well, you tell him from me that he makes one great mozzarella stick."
"Oh for crying out loud -- people aren't mice!" Ned Flanders replied.
"What's that you say? You can live without television as long as you have beer?", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Bart Simpson replied "I'll do my best."
Moe Szyslak replied: "What?... What am I lookin' at? I don't see nothin'. I'm gonna stop looking soon... What... what, is that it?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Homer Simpson at the Super Bowl?"
"No way. Forget it. I might occasionally kill out of anger, or to illustrate a point, but I am not a Grim Reaper." Homer Simpson replied.
"No.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said: "I'd have more friends if I knew what people liked. But I won't know what people like unless I'm their friend. It's a conundrum."
"British version was better.", Homer Simpson replied.
"I guess so.", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "Mmm, oh yeah, this baby is done."
"Uh, not as such." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "But it won't make you unhappy, right? Hey! Space Food Sticks! Oh, I wish I had these on my space adventure! Did you know I was blasted into space two years ago, Mom?"
"Sorry, Mr. Burns, but I don't go in for these backdoor shenanigans. Sure, I'm flattered... maybe even a little curious, but the answer is no.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "Wait! Daddy! Wait! Please don't leave. Take me with you!"
"Hot dog! Let's go!" Seymour Skinner replied.
"Yeah, instead of exhausted zombies running down the clock.", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "I am waiting for a..."
Homer Simpson responded: "It's fun for the whole family. And the ends are razor sharp to protect our nation and its interests."
Moe Szyslak said "Hey Homer, we been runnin' around cheerin' for an hour. Where the hell's the game?"
Homer Simpson said "You gotta be kiddin'. The lek?"
Ned Flanders said "Duly noted. But we will make sure not to dilute the sacred gospel."
"Here!", Homer Simpson responded.
"I'm a slow reader!", Bart Simpson replied.
"No-sirree-Bob!" Ned Flanders replied.
"I see. Well, you know, fellas, I look at the admissions board a lot like a baseball team. You all like baseball, don't you?", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Way to go, dad!" Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "I think Lisa needs another push on her new tire swing."
"Maybe not so loveable..." Marge Simpson said.
"Homer, don't drink and drive!", Marge Simpson responded.
"I changed my mind. It was a passing fancy. Although perhaps if you threw in a few lawn chairs, maybe that tool bench, it might rekindle my interest." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Oh, my God! Look what those rotten kids did to my car!"
Bart Simpson said "You really think my shirts will sell?"
"Do they have to chew so loud?", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Nah."
Bart Simpson: "Why do you still have a thing for Nelson?"
"I bet that bra was planted by Sterling, to break them up." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Aw jeez, there's somethin' in my eye. Ah, it's just glass." Moe Szyslak replied.
C. Montgomery Burns: "New arena..."
Lisa Simpson replied "We have a fire alarm in the ventilation room!"
Homer Simpson: "And uh... later tonight I think you and I should uh, snuggle."
Marge Simpson: "Bingo."
"Bart, this could be a good new school... Oakwood Academy! Huh?", Marge Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak said "Thanks."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Okay, I'm a liberal. And sometimes that's a dirty word."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Dad, that's an ambulance."
Homer Simpson answered: "I'm everywhere."
Marge Simpson said "Wow -- the gym ropes are seaweed, the basketball nets are fishing nets..."
"Mr. Bergstrom!", Lisa Simpson replied.
"We'll see about that." Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Did you do that?"
Moe Szyslak replied: "Ooh, a text. Let's see... Text message for I. M. A. Wiener. As you all can see, I. M. A. Wiener!"
"Crawling! Oh, he's really gone. He's gone!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Awww, look, Maggie wants to fly too."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Because we all know you're a naive pawn, puppet, if you will, of the most diabolical political genius Springfield has ever known -- Birchibald T. Barlow!"
"He took me to a fight that he fixed. But he never let on. Not even when I bet five hundred dollars on the wrong guy. Then he said he would dope a horse for me.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, poor Eve. What are you doing out there in that horrible place?", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Ah... boy, if only Bart had been a better role model for everyone."
Marge Simpson said "Homer, what should we do?"
"Sounds like most of the house is still owned by the bank.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "What do I wear?"
Homer Simpson responded "Eh, you don't want to hear that story. I know! I'll tell you about the time I got locked in the bank vault with Mr. Mooney. It was another one of my hair-brained schemes."
Homer Simpson replied: "Hey! You don't have to pay! Read the sign!"
Marge Simpson replied "The place where the waiters sing."
"Aren't they jazzy? They match the new curtains we hung in your treehouse!", Marge Simpson said.
"Only seventy-five beans!" Homer Simpson answered.
"But does your wife?", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Dear Bart, I am using the stationery Mom and Dad gave me for my birthday to inform you that we are now brother and sister in name only. Perhaps if a professional so advises, I will give you a hug at some far distant family reunion, but rest assured it will be purely for show."
"Um, I'm treasurer of the Jazz Club, and started the school's recycling society.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Wha... but..." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Oh, dear.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "I'm telling you, I'm the Pie Man!"
Homer Simpson said "Don't you know anything, boy? That's Ringo Starr."
Marge Simpson said: "Well, you certainly won't be bending me-- Wait, how did I end up in your bedroom?"
"I'VE BEEN WORKING ON THE RAILROAD / ALL THE LIVE LONG DAY... Yeah, that's better.", Moe Szyslak responded.
Bart Simpson said "Now get cracking on my long division. And don't forget to show your work, Simpson."
"Hmm..." Homer Simpson said.
"Ooh, nuts." Ned Flanders responded.
"Lisa, what's bumming you out? They cancel a test or something?" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Yeah, one time, she-- Oh, she's looking at us. Be cool."
"Why, those guys are such leeches.", Moe Szyslak replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Girls, Lisa. Boys kiss girls."
Bart Simpson said "A candy corn volcano! A ceiling from Saddam's palace!"
Homer Simpson said "Secrets and lies..."
Homer Simpson answered: "Actually, I quit and I came to get my job back."
Bart Simpson replied "Life is good."
"Well, I'm glad everything worked out so well.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Yeah, Krusty, tell us."
"Aye carumba!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Let's see...cartilage, cartilage, muscle, nerve!... artery...bullet.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Gee, I don't know what you've got planned for tonight, Homer, but count me out. Didn't you buy any meat?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Huh? AHHH!! It's my problem! We're doomed!!!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Wow, you're right, Dad. It is windy." Bart Simpson replied.
"Where do they get their ideas?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh my God. Our train! Homie you do care. You care a lot!" Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Gimme that! / Uh, gimme that! / No! / Let go! / Gimme that my washcloth! / I want it!"
"I'm not sharpening it!" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh, it's all my fault."
"You did the right thing by telling me.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Yes, President Franklin."
"Mom? You're back. Just like you were back before, then you left me again. I love you so much, but it's so hard for me to trust you. Oh, what the heck.", Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders answered "I haven't felt this inspired since the blueberries at breakfast!"
Marge Simpson replied "No, he cheated."
"Well, I don't think it's that unlikely.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "I really do miss my Homie this time of night."
Homer Simpson answered "I think I have to do it again. My blindfold came off."
Moe Szyslak replied: "Homer, show a little more sensitivity around these jobless washouts, huh?"
"Hmmm, well, thank you. Gee, everyone's so nice here at the Monster Truck Rally. Look, Homer, champagne!", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "Homer, wake up! Wake up! Oh my, here let me wipe off that drool."
Marge Simpson answered: "Look, let's the three of us try it together."
"That's not the way American police do things!" Marge Simpson said.
"Aw, don't give up, boy. I believe in you -- and not just because I have to." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Psst. Psst!"
"Sorry.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Jazz. They just make it up as they go along. I could do that. Dee dee dee dee dee dee dee dee dee dee dee dee dee."
Marge Simpson said "Sure. We're gonna have a great day. Ba-da-bing ba-da-boom, right Bart? Bart?"
Homer Simpson said: "Forget every word, boy. It's useless."
"Come on, Marge. Let me carry you over the threshold." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Marge! I've wasted half my life."
"Marge, Marge." Homer Simpson replied.
"What, are you afraid to make a real bet?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Okay, kids. Otto's in charge. Remember, Otto, we're trusting you with our greatest natural resource, the school bus." Seymour Skinner responded.
Homer Simpson: "Thanks, Bart. That makes it all worthwhile."
"Well, Dad and Bart ran away and no one seems to know where they went." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Nine months later, I gave birth to Maggie.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "You!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Uh-oh. Somebody's got tired little legs."
"How dare you?!" Marge Simpson responded.
"Now let's go home, son." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "I'll pay you in Strupo..."
Bart Simpson said "Behold, Neanderthal man -- our ugliest, stupidest ancestor!"
"What?!" Homer Simpson said.
"Uh-huh." Homer Simpson replied.
"All-access." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "Homie, you got your, your elbow in..."
Lisa Simpson responded "Plug it in! Plug it in!"
Lisa Simpson responded "I'm hideous."
Lisa Simpson said "Did you remember to disconnect it first?"
"Hmf. The monkey's on my part of the sofa.", Marge Simpson said.
"Marge, I can't say no to a helpless old lady. They put spells on you!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Hey, this isn't such a great prize. Oh, well, this may be a dirty job, but the big guys at the top work even harder.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "What are you talking about?"
"Stupid kid. All you do is cost me money. Money I could be wasting!" Homer Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders said "'Fraid so."
Lisa Simpson said: "Mr. Gere, I was hoping Buddhism could bring me inner peace. Or is that just a pipe dream?"
Homer Simpson answered "Oh, don't worry. They'll be here soon. And then they'll see who's got the better town."
Homer Simpson responded "What if I see something really weird in the sky?"
"Well, I say we take 'em out and have our own trial!" Moe Szyslak said.
"Will you remember this the next", Homer Simpson said.
"Why on earth would a child go to the zoo...?" Homer Simpson replied.
"I don't feel much like eating. I'll never know what would've happened if I'd have been Class President." Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "It's the principle, Smithers! Nobody steals from Montgomery Burns, whether it be my Sunday newspaper or my loutish oaf of a son."
Marge Simpson said "We're here to stop you -- with the help of the teenage abstinence class!"
"No, you look a little nervous, Lisa." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Fine. I want one gift bag now, and one when the party's over."
Homer Simpson said: "Hey, I never noticed this place!"
"I've got to squeeze a whole summer of carefree fun into one day." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Come on, Lisa! Monkeys!"
"I've never been afraid of a little hard work." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "Well, come on, you two. Don't forget about the film festival."
Bart Simpson said "February twenty-third."
"Objection, your honor.", Homer Simpson replied.
"You don't even know what the idea is." Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Sure feels weird lying on top of the covers."
Homer Simpson: "What are you talking about?"
Bart Simpson replied: "Aye carumba!"
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Tomorrow is the biggest day of your lives. The Shelbyville game. So lights out at seven-thirty and abstain from coffee, tea, and cola drinks. Make no mistake, they pack a wallop."
"Okay, ladies. Don't you have a poodle to dress up?" Bart Simpson responded.
"Baby made a boom-boom." Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns: "Look, stop calling me and start enjoying your vacation. Remember, I want to see lots of pictures when you get back."
"Homie! Homie, wake up! They've captured your crazed foreign carjacker!" Marge Simpson said.
"It's the natural order of things. I'm afraid she's got another two, maybe three days, tops.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Doc, this is all too much. I mean, my son a genius -- how does it happen?"
Homer Simpson answered: "But it could use a button. Oh, what if I said... Well if you..."
Bart Simpson responded: "Ha ha. You're gonna be Lisa Flanders."
Bart Simpson responded: "I thought it was over. You had a problem turning a blade, you overcame it. The feel-good story of the year."
Marge Simpson replied "Honey, I'm so glad you're home--"
Marge Simpson replied: "Oh, isn't that somewhat unusual?"
"I am?" Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "Now, I can't have toothpaste tonight."
Lisa Simpson said "It was originally published to settle arguments in taverns."
Homer Simpson replied "And here I was waiting till you slept to rob you of your copper. You know, it's crazy, but..."
Marge Simpson replied: "Okay, we'll be right out."
Homer Simpson answered "I was only reading what the card..."
Homer Simpson answered: "Now for the awkward part. We gotta talk about money."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Of course. St. Teresa wouldn't be interested in a mere bauble. Her greatest treasure would be a pure young girl. You are pure, aren't you?"
"We did it! We wrote an awesome song!" Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Thank you. Why?"
Homer Simpson: "Hey, Ray J. Johnson never changed his act and he's more popular now than he's ever been."
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Yes."
"Anyhow, I must have looked at somebody the wrong way...because the next thing I knew, I was running for my life." Homer Simpson responded.
"Homework? Lisa, you wasted chicken pox. Don't waste the mumps.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Wow, this is amazing. I could follow the Ribwich from town to town.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "Ooo, careful, Homer."
"Any popped eyeballs?", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "You keep almost dying. Just look at our vacation photos."
Lisa Simpson replied "Our Lord, Buddha, says the secret of existence is to pass beyond fear."
"They're not evil! They believe in friendship and respecting the earth... and they made me feel like I belonged." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Air?"
"You will never work in the fast-food industry again.", Moe Szyslak responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Dammit! Why do kids have heads?"
Homer Simpson said: "My game! My game! I coulda beat the boy! Marge, how could you? I was so close."
"You're welcome!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "All right, I'll talk to Lisa's teacher this year. You can have Bart's."
"Okay!" Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "Wow, Dad. How did you do that?"
Homer Simpson responded "Wake up, boy."
Bart Simpson: "Which one? Homer or fat ass?"
"No, I mean American Indians." Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "I'm telling ya, I do work on the Krusty show. Look at the credits."
"AND THEIR DAMP-TROUSERED PA.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "Homer... Come home with me."
"Next!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "This is what love costs a month?"
"Well, Doctor Hibbert said you have to build up your strength.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Suckers! Go Dad!" Bart Simpson answered.
"My son... my son." Ned Flanders answered.
Seymour Skinner replied: "Oh, excellent. Not only are the trains now running on time, they're running on metric time."
"Oh, you're so hot.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Ohmygod! What have I done? I've killed her!", Ned Flanders answered.
Homer Simpson responded "I don't like this new director's cut."
"Hang on." Homer Simpson said.
"Skinner's five steps ahead of me! I put a tack on his chair, he's corked his pants! I throw a tomato, he's making salad!" Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "Bart?"
Marge Simpson said: "Daddy?! Daddy, where are you, Da..."
Marge Simpson said "Oh, please. It was just a figure of speech."
"Milhouse couldn't beat me up.", Bart Simpson replied.
"I'm so itchy!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Tap out! Don't make me break your arm!" Marge Simpson said.
"Good as new. And thanks for loaning me your sweater for the ride home. It may be a little stretched out." Homer Simpson responded.
"Oatmeal?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Ooh! How 'bout the campsite where the guy in the hockey mask kills all the campers?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Get a good haul this year?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Uhhhhh... gotta go!", Bart Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak replied "No, no, no, it's my fault. I'm a hot head. I ain't got no beef with you, Toot."
Homer Simpson said "No fatties!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Bo-ring."
Homer Simpson answered: "What the hell do you kids want? Oh right, ice cream."
"Gotta be a good husband... Gotta be a good husband... Gotta be a good husband." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "But he was the only person who had the same love for music that I do."
Homer Simpson answered "Give me back my thumb!"
Moe Szyslak responded "I got hooked on this stuff in the service."
Homer Simpson responded: "I'm really stupid."
"High-toned voice. Bart, that's it. I know where Sideshow Bob is hiding." Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "Homer... Homer... make them stop."
Bart Simpson replied "Hey, give those back."
Lisa Simpson answered "I hear chewing!"
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Treasure?!"
Homer Simpson responded "I'm so bored."
Marge Simpson responded "Goodbye, Homie. Here's Dr. Hibbert's number if you feel weak."
Homer Simpson replied "The hell it is!"
Homer Simpson said "Ooh, trouble in the neighborhood. Let's check it out."
Marge Simpson answered "Well, I pictured cocktail parties and candle-lit dinners. I pictured napkins... Homer, I want to throw a dinner party."
"Half my life gone! And I'm only guaranteed thirty-eight more years." Homer Simpson replied.
"What's going on here? I'm so bulgy...", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh my gosh, you're right. I'm a rage-aholic. I just can't live without rage-ahol!", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "Dad, that's a kaleidoscope."
Bart Simpson replied "Wow. V8 juice isn't one-eighth gasoline."
"Get in." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "And then... and then wha... and then what happened... what... gee, my story doesn't make much sense except the Santa part."
"Mr. Burns?" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Because his avatar is Darth Maul! The second-coolest Darth!"
Homer Simpson said "I honor you and your country."
Bart Simpson answered "I'll fool you up real nice!"
"You're still in the way. You don't seem to be moving at all." Seymour Skinner replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "The highest grade."
"Gil's gone.", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "You don't know what rough is."
Lisa Simpson answered "Mr. Alcatraaaz, my name is Lisa Simpson, and this is Principal Skinner."
Lisa Simpson answered "They take in animals from the movies and TV that aren't cute anymore."
"Uh... is it despair?", Homer Simpson said.
"Marge, I just wanna say: if you ever feel like cheating on Moe, here's my card.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "Didn't you hear I almost killed my brother?"
"How're the Southwestern Pizza Fingers?" Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Yes, but I'm afraid the forces of history have changed wrestling, perhaps forever."
Homer Simpson said: "Don't you think I know that?"
Lisa Simpson responded "Oh, I just keep them out to bug Bart."
"So my offer... for one ton of your uranium... is a goat.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"But we're not sleepy." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "O-kay!"
Moe Szyslak responded "Wait, Homer! Don't go."
"Forgive my language, but I am one happy camper!" Ned Flanders answered.
"Only an innocent child could get away with such blasphemy. God bless them all. Amen.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Maybe it's time for a visit from Wally, the Kissing Walrus." Homer Simpson said.
"Yeah." Bart Simpson answered.
"Look, I don't like this cootie platoon and I never will. I'm outta here and I'm out of this stupid outfit.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Mom, that is really annoying.", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "Homer Simpson!"
"Oh yeah!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Lisa, take a picture of me with all the milkshakes. C'mon, everybody get in here. Hurry."
"Go away!" Marge Simpson replied.
"Howdy, gents! I'm here to collect my free--", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "Listen, I've got a plan to get Ling back. But we must be discreet. You never know where there might be a spy."
"I don't know... fish sandwich? Are you sure?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Okay, son! Give him the glue!"
"Woo-hoo!" Homer Simpson responded.
"We won, he's asleep!", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Dad, that doesn't belong to you." Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded "I'll be playing my first solo. If you miss it on Saturday, I'd advise you to start looking for a child therapist on Sunday."
"But where will I bask?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Hey, Milhouse. I dare you to sit on his lap." Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "How Zen."
"Hey, Duffman. Let's see how you like a sticker on your face!", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Mother!!!", Seymour Skinner replied.
"That's okay, Bart. Nobody really believed it. We were just trying to scare you." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Ooh, like Fat Albert."
"We never dreamed." Homer Simpson replied.
"Dad, we have to find a place soon. I really have to go to the bathroom and I'm out of tokens." Lisa Simpson answered.
"They're miserable.", Lisa Simpson said.
"That was over soccer results! Can you believe they gave Giggs a yellow card in the box?" Homer Simpson responded.
"At my age Edison had already invented 203 things. Ohh, I've got a lot of work to do to catch up to him.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Now, let me feel the vibrations of your lips!", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Marge Simpson: "Moe's Tavern? That's your fun place, like me and the lamp store."
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Ooh uh, uh, that's B-Bart Simpson. He was my heir for a brief period, you know."
"You know, I used to collect these bestapled fables...", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Marge Simpson replied: "Don't make a fuss over me, boys. Just pour me a beer in a clean glass."
Homer Simpson: "You! I should have known!"
Lisa Simpson said: "Ooh, a message from my small business person!"
"Come on!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Umm-hmm. But I think I'll do much better tomorrow night.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "What on Earth are you doing?"
Bart Simpson responded: "...I always suspected that nothing in life mattered. Now I know for sure. Get bent, Bart Simpson."
Lisa Simpson said "Can you take me to school? Please?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Hello?"
"Hi, Moe. Where's that waitress of yours?", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Oh... I dunno... mixing drinks, picking horses, cuttin' cigars... you know -- a job."
Marge Simpson replied: "Homie... are you the Pie Man?"
"Ah, I see the trophies are still out for cleaning. Eh, Lisa?", Seymour Skinner said.
Seymour Skinner responded "Lisa, your outburst was either a sign of deep emotional imbalance, or a passionate response to a sobering truth. Luckily, the treatment for both is intensive therapy."
"Oh, there's no explaining God's will, Roddy. That's like explaining how an airplane flies.", Ned Flanders answered.
"What's wrong, sweetie?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Okay, Jupiter should be somewhere around here..." Lisa Simpson said.
Ned Flanders replied "Reverend... Emergency... I... You... Simpson kids... Eedily... Baptism... Oodily... Doodily-doodily..."
"Well, I'm not gonna accomplish anything just sitting here--" Lisa Simpson said.
"And Lisa will get a friend.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Quick. Take these.", Seymour Skinner said.
"Homer, say something.", Marge Simpson said.
"Well, a handsome sum that can end this little embrolio once and for all." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Seymour Skinner answered: "Well done, the band. We're all bursting with pride after our girls' basketball team beat Shelbyville two-nothing in triple overtime! Now let's make some noise!!! Using our INSIDE VOICES!"
"Get out! Who told you that?", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "And these bean bag chairs look so comfortable."
Bart Simpson said "Are you sure this is art, not vandalism?"
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "The Yangtze River swallows all secrets."
"You're a real jerrrk!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "The game! We're so close!"
"C'mon, you lefties. What'd I tell you?", Homer Simpson said.
"Look at that. All the way to the end with only one push.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Gotcha! Gotcha! / I'll show you!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Almost." Homer Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders said "Yeah, so I can't see my own shrinky dink."
Lisa Simpson answered "Life sucks."
Homer Simpson replied: "Are you sure there wasn't a midget in his hat? I read an email that said there was."
"George Lazenby?" Marge Simpson answered.
"Homer! Bart! Maggie! Company eating rules.", Marge Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Oh my God! Santa brought me just what I asked for!"
Homer Simpson: "Oh my God!"
"No! No, that's Bart's cereal!" Marge Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders answered "I'm sorry, sweetheart. Oh, please don't look at me like that."
Homer Simpson said: "Well, Bart, uh, did you make sure to return all the guns?"
Bart Simpson said "You would know."
"You don't have to tell the kids everything!", Marge Simpson answered.
"No, something else..." Lisa Simpson said.
"Your world is incredible! And you speak English!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Look, I know I can't stop you. The only thing I can do is ask you to promise me you won't jump the gorge." Homer Simpson answered.
"Let's get this show on the road, man. We got things to do.", Bart Simpson responded.
"No. I'm afraid we're just going to have to make a few sacrifices. Homer, you're going to have to give up beer for a while.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Oh no, wait, it was over there.", Homer Simpson said.
"No Danishes!" Marge Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner answered: "What are you people talking about?"
Marge Simpson answered "I'm here to share my moral outrage, but this time it's not about that giant, inflatable Dos Equis bottle. It's about a certain house in our town..."
Bart Simpson answered: "Principal Skinner is going to ask Aunt Patty to marry him."
Homer Simpson: "That's them!"
"Hurry up, boy. We have to burn everything the cat touched before the virus makes us paranoid." Homer Simpson responded.
"Naw." Ned Flanders answered.
"What makes you think I did it?" Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "C'mon, buddy. I gotta get home and climb into bed with my loving wife."
"Hey, Dad, look, you're on JumboVision!" Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "You're gonna put him down?"
"Crackton? That doesn't sound right.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "You never even opened it."
"Which you must never use because it will ruin your life, lets Daddy see and hear magical things you will never experience. Ever." Homer Simpson replied.
"Look! It's Mister Cashew... the Koobler Dwarfs... Snip, Crinkle and Poof..." Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, Homie. Oh, they're beautiful." Marge Simpson said.
"Thanks, Mother Dexter! I'll be back tomorrow.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Yeah." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "Hey, since when is Christmas just about the presents? Aren't we forgetting the true meaning of this day? The birth of Santa?"
Lisa Simpson replied: "Why don't you go legit and sell your shirts in stores?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Quick! You've got to hide me from PBS! Their bloodthirsty pursuit is made possible by a grant from the Chubb Group!"
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Damned infernal gizmo. My kingdom for a left-handed can opener!"
Lisa Simpson replied "Back to Scottsdale."
"Hampster two... Bart zero...", Lisa Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders answered: "This is it, boys -- One more out and we go to the championship game. Let's do it for Groundskeeper Willie... who made me this beautiful black bicep warmer!"
"Okay, I'm coming right out the door. Dammit! These windows are so hard to squeeze through!" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "Bart Simpson, sir."
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "So, you say Batista's gone? Did you know that?"
"Did he die?" Lisa Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "I'm giving you the beating of your life!"
"Oh, son, you're young and headstrong, just like Thomas Edison, Jr. You know, he started a mushroom farm, and an auto parts company, and he sold his good name to a quack medicine company. Oh, and later, he raised turkeys. That was on his turkey farm.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "You little... Ruff! Ruff! Ruff!"
Homer Simpson said: "Rocks!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Relaxed fit, my Aunt Fanny! Stupid Dockers! Oh, the belt is buckled."
Homer Simpson responded "Oh, son. I like you more, now that other people like you."
"Uh... yessir. No problemo.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Bad dog! Bad neighbor dog! Here, let me help you up, Mr. Burns."
"So, it's, uh, standardized testing time again. Have you ever noticed how the dumb kids fill in the wrong circles?", Seymour Skinner responded.
"Finally, the answer to my problem. What do you do?", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Well, it is a great party."
Homer Simpson replied: "We're not eating Mr. Pinchy. He's part of the family now."
Bart Simpson replied: "Crooked sight?"
"That doesn't sound like they like you at all.", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Even Mac Davis himself couldn't save this Christmas."
"Are you crazy? We'll never make it! Drop the anchor and wait out the storm!" Homer Simpson said.
"Shut up." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "Aah. Oh, good, somebody's shadow. I'll just turn and brag about my work."
Marge Simpson: "Good night, Homer."
Marge Simpson responded "I promise I will get mad, because I always do when you make me promise I won't."
Bart Simpson replied: "Um... with our minds?"
"How much plutonium do you want? Gotta warn you, it might take me twenty minutes to get it.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Hep... heyyy... whoooo... look out... yeah... Da da da da da." Homer Simpson responded.
"How did you write a song so quickly?" Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Oh Captain, you're so handy!"
"Impossible." Seymour Skinner responded.
"Now, Homer.", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded "How'd you know your plan would work, Mom?"
Lisa Simpson said: "Excellent."
"Gotcha." Homer Simpson responded.
"My God, Bart, what happened to us?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "A troll, that's it! Our book could be about an orphan troll!"
"Sure, I can do something destructive!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Grampa!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "Save your breath."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Anybody got a building permit? 'Cause we nailed it!"
"Huh? Oh, right. Can you hold it?" Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "Well, maybe I should."
Ned Flanders said: "Is this all he watches?"
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "And make yourselves at home."
"Damnation! Tell them to go slower!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Yeah, but whaddaya gonna do? If you need me, I'll be at Moe's."
"So, um, you're wearing the same bathrobe you were the last time I was here. That's cool.", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "Ahh!!"
Homer Simpson replied "Has anyone seen my little girl?"
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Must call Smithers. He'll protect me from this beast."
"Aw, those jerks. Always walking over the small businessman. Don't get me started about the government." Homer Simpson responded.
"No you don't. Yet." Bart Simpson responded.
"I can't believe you're ruining the second Thursday before the wedding!", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "Hmmm."
"Even the anchor store's closed." Homer Simpson said.
"It's in the bag, Lis. Once everybody sees this.", Bart Simpson said.
"So, uh, who are you guys anyhow?" Moe Szyslak replied.
"Don't worry, Apu. Some day you'll meet someone you really love.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Come on! Start this thing! I'm not impressed."
Homer Simpson: "Sorry Marge."
Homer Simpson answered: "Great. There's only one thing I ask in return."
"This is horrible.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Uh huh... easy... easy... perfect. All right, everybody out the window."
"Dot com.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Really? You people are idiots! That's the dumb-- What a stu-- I mean, that sounds fair."
Homer Simpson answered: "It's a cinch these guys never had any kids."
"Mmm-hmm... good... okay... Simpson?", Seymour Skinner said.
Bart Simpson: "Hey, Otto-man. I've got a big test that I am not ready for. Could you please crash the bus or something?"
Homer Simpson responded: "But don't worry, because you've got a big brother who loves you and will always look out for you."
"I wish you'd stop spreading bad rumors about people. Remember how you got Grampa tarred and feathered?", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, I really wanted to do that one."
Homer Simpson replied "Oooh! The Springfield Men's Shelter is giving away sixty soiled mattresses!"
"Thanks, Marge.", Homer Simpson said.
"Lisa is blown away." Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "Everything."
Homer Simpson said "Have one more beer at O'Flanagan's Pub... We'll do that one!"
"Twelfth hole." Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "That wasn't scary at all, Bart."
Homer Simpson: "Oooh, published by Kinko's!"
Moe Szyslak answered "Hey, open my present! Open my present!"
Lisa Simpson replied "That's it!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Aw... Life on the lam is really hard, but at least it's with you, Dad. I feel terrible for putting you through this, after what a wonderful father you've been."
Homer Simpson said "Well, I'm sorry to disappoint you gentlemen, but you seem to have me confused with a character in a fictional show. Now if you'll excuse me, my fondue is just about..."
Homer Simpson said: "What the heck is this, a tea party? Somebody kill somebody!"
Lisa Simpson: "I still believe in this town... a town that deserves its own original song! And as an aspiring musician with off-Broadway dreams, I'm the one to write it!"
"Woooooooo!" Bart Simpson replied.
"You were just Barlow's lackey!" Bart Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak replied "I think he'll do just fine."
"Uh, excuse me, fellas... I... I couldn't help thinking it might be nice if you could uh, vamoose, you know. If possible.", Ned Flanders said.
Homer Simpson responded "At least this time I'm awake for your goodbye."
"Oh, it's against the house rule... Oh, I guess just this once.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Well, I'm not gonna make the same mistake. From now on I'm gonna be kinder to my son, and meaner to my Dad." Homer Simpson replied.
"Seat down." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "Oh, no!"
"Well, the fire's out... but uh, I think some of these valuables are smoke damaged. He's not gonna want 'em." Moe Szyslak responded.
Marge Simpson responded "I was just making Christmas cookies. But since you don't believe in Christmas anymore, I guess you don't want any."
"Okay, let's see what this thing says." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Your phone just dialed me."
Homer Simpson: "Text me the choices."
Marge Simpson answered "We hate her, Homer."
"What have we here?" Bart Simpson responded.
"Sweetie, you shouldn't have to worry about such things.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Ow! Ooh! Ay-eee!" C. Montgomery Burns said.
"But you gotta supply your own knobs." Moe Szyslak responded.
"Mel Gibson is just a guy, Marge. No different than me or Lenny." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Oh, I'm sorry, but... oh, it really is."
"Of course I do. You're always right about this type of thing, and for once, I want in on the ground floor." Homer Simpson answered.
"Hey, Mr. Smithers!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Well I... Okay." Ned Flanders answered.
"Yes! Homer, we make a dynamite team, huh? With your arm, and my head-gunk, we're goin' right to the top! Whoa.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"Of course you are. Marge, I've finally discovered the reason God made me: to protect his tiniest, most breakable creatures. And I've got to share that gift with the world." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Trust me, I've left a lot out, and cleaned up the swears. Anyway, I ran into some schoolmates and thought they might be friendly. That's what kids do, right? Hang out at the mall together. But when I went over..."
Marge Simpson answered "Oh, I hope we didn't get Apu in too much trouble."
"Homer! Lisa is receiving the Student of the Millennium Award at school.", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "Lisa's going! We're all going!"
"Homie, something very creepy is going on here." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Revenge!"
Bart Simpson replied "Cool, I found a trapdoor that leads to an underground city. Here I go!"
"Daytime TV is muy estupido.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Why would I rub her back unless I wanted to get some... oh, to make her feel good."
"Well I've got a really big secret for you... I'm not wearing any underwear." Homer Simpson answered.
"You don't even care how upset I am! But this time you have gone too far.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Beats drowning." Homer Simpson answered.
"You'd think so, but no." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh, good. He needs his sleep."
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh relax, Marge, I'm just messin' with ya. I know I'm not a dog. I'm a people, like you."
Bart Simpson said: "I HATE TO DANCE AND PRANCE AND SING / THAT'S REALLY MORE OF A MILLHOUSE THING!"
"Your country doesn't think illegally downloaded movies is wrong." Marge Simpson said.
"Yeah, I've never sat by a pool this long without having to apologize to someone.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Hello? Can I get some help? Snack related mishap!"
Homer Simpson: "Let the baby have her bottle."
"I'm stressed because now that you've lost your license, I'm a full-time family chauffeur!" Marge Simpson said.
"My god, she's been dumped again." Lisa Simpson said.
"I don't see what he's doing that's so different from what I'm doing.", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "Did the team ask you to dress like that, Homer?"
"Oh, I'll come back later." Marge Simpson answered.
"Well, he's not perfect, but he is very...", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Nothin's easy."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Dad, are you listening to me?"
Bart Simpson answered "For my first impression..."
Lisa Simpson replied: "You're siding with record companies?"
"Not me." Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "Aww."
Homer Simpson replied "Your mom has a lot of stuff to shave."
Homer Simpson said "Did you just fart, sir."
"Well, anyway, I'm still outraged." Homer Simpson replied.
"What was that?", Homer Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner said "In order to save money, the following presidents will no longer be taught: Buchanan, Fillmore, Pierce, Bush, Bush... could you please stop that?"
"I can't believe we spent the whole day here.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Thanks, Dad!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Sad. Maybe, if you were Brad Pitt." Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "Got 'em."
"Oh. Sorry." Homer Simpson answered.
"Hey, you guys are hanging on my every word. I've become the center of attention." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "Well, Homer and I had a lovely dining experience at Chez Pierre... or the Rusty Barnacle is nice..."
"Nothing you say can upset us. We're the MTV generation." Bart Simpson said.
"Whenever Marge puts on one of her nonviolent programs, I take a walk. I go to a bar, I down a few, and I stumble home in the mood for love." Homer Simpson replied.
"All right, put your... Oh well, I'll rob it next time.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Oh, Mom, no!"
Homer Simpson responded: "I'm soooo hungry."
"Ooh, you know what would zest up this hollandaise? A lemon!", Marge Simpson said.
"Stealing pairs of what? Hubcaps? Reeboks? Human eyes?", Bart Simpson replied.
"Homer, there's a family of opossums in here!", Marge Simpson answered.
"You wanted to see me, Simon?" Moe Szyslak replied.
"They've been at it all night." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Well, Mr. Burns, you always come off as kind of a gruff, crotchety loner, but we both know that deep down inside..."
"Oh boy, that laugh is infectious. Ha!... Ha!... that's fun!" Ned Flanders replied.
Homer Simpson: "Someone finally took one!"
"It has been a great week, hasn't it, Lis?" Bart Simpson said.
"Check." Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "That movie's for babies."
"Hey, what's going on? That guy's not Homer Simpson. He's fat and stupid." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Hmmm. Hmmm. Not bad. Interesting."
"A hush falls over the General Assembly as Stacy approaches the podium to deliver what will no doubt be a stirring and memorable address.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Down in front!" Homer Simpson answered.
"I assumed I could." Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "Do we have any more paints? My orange isn't the orange of that orange."
"Hey, thanks, guys. I ain't never been to no fancy rooftop party before.", Moe Szyslak answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "Hey, Dad, I've been thinking. What if instead of giving up on grease, we go for one last big score?"
Lisa Simpson answered "Hm. What's the English equivalent for ? I'd say... transcendent."
"Somebody stop the fight! Where's the doctor?!", Marge Simpson replied.
"You leave my wife alone!" Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "I win, I think."
"No. Burns is right. What's the use?" Homer Simpson responded.
"And this is the snack holder where I can put my beverage -- or, if you will -- cupcake.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Quit hogging Flanders. I want to comfort him." Homer Simpson said.
"I was talking about--" Marge Simpson responded.
"Hmmm, eight dollars a pound... times say, oh, five pounds... is, ummm... let's see, how many pounds in a gallon? Oh, I can't afford that." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Mmmm."
Marge Simpson said "I made it with Cheetos, just like you like it. If the sauce is too thick, I can add more root beer."
Lisa Simpson: "Help... Help... So much sulfur dioxide!"
"Stop it, please! I'm trying to eat." Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Yes, ma'am."
"What?! Next you'll be telling me he didn't meet Woody Woodpecker!", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh, you don't have to do..."
"Sweet freedom, here I--" Homer Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner responded "No thanks, gentlemen, I've got a nice quiet life here, and I mean to keep it that way."
Homer Simpson responded: "Nobody's gonna kill you."
"Cows eating cows?! That's an abomination!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"That's it, Marge, he knows the whole hot dog song. Go ahead, sleep with him. I'll just take a lock of your hair to remember you by.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Hello, lovebirds." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Great heavens! It's one of those nude female fire stations. Ohh, I'd always be second place to some kitten stuck in a tree. Let's go, Smithers. Smithers?", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Bart Simpson replied "Were you like this when Mom was pregnant with me?"
Lisa Simpson answered "Shouldn't you be working?"
"Sadly, no. I'm disappointed with the way you acted today... but I'm not surprised.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "So... yeah. Things aren't perfect with the missus and me. And by the way, nice melons."
Homer Simpson said: "Out, boy, out."
Homer Simpson said "Because couples friends are a myth, started by restaurants with tables for four."
"...And I wasn't planned, so when I came, my parents had to get married. And they were too young and not ready for a kid to screw up their lives. Maybe... I act out because... if my parents are mad at me, they can't fight with each other!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Likewise, you planet-saving succubus!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Is a coma painful?", Lisa Simpson replied.
"I said no!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Inflation, trade deficit, horrible war atrocities... how are we supposed to do our big musical number with so many problems in the world?", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "Otto!"
"It all adds up. I am the gem that will bring world peace! How brilliant of God to remove my skepticism by making me his chosen one!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "News flash, Lisa! Bart is not a horse. Eat your steak, boy."
Homer Simpson answered: "Chief, my daughter's up there. You're a father too."
Marge Simpson responded: "Wait! How do you know this is where Lincoln buried the gold? You just started counting from an arbitrary place."
"Charles Montgomery Plantagenet... Schicklgruber... Burns." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson said: "If I was that drunk, I would remember it."
"What are you talking about?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Did she say anything else?", Homer Simpson said.
"Yes, Lisa. Daddy's a teacher." Homer Simpson replied.
"Ah, anyway, Happy B-day, punkin.", Moe Szyslak replied.
"I know it's awful and insular, and caused thirty-five deaths, but I had friends! Four digits of friends! I had a friend in common with Malcolm Gladwell!" Lisa Simpson said.
"It's drinking the water!" Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "Doctor, will he be all right?"
"Just like Jimmy Carter.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Yeah, you're right. I guess Whirlwind is our only hope for a Merry Christmas.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "No, it's a second wedding, Honey. Our first one was so crummy, I had to make it up to you. I really love you."
"The key!" Homer Simpson said.
"Run for it.", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Day is awesome!"
"Huh. Well, that was unexpected." Seymour Skinner responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "I gotta go back... Fix future..."
"You're tellin' me." Marge Simpson answered.
"Quiet, Lisa. Everyone in the store is looking at you!" Homer Simpson said.
"I tried to avoid her, but we were sent to a nuclear convention in Capital City together..." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "I don't want to live like that."
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh Marge, you not leaving with Moe is the best thing that never happened to me."
Homer Simpson responded "So... tired."
"Come on! Hug your Grampa, boys!" Homer Simpson responded.
"You saved my life!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Gimme ten rings." Homer Simpson said.
"Sorry. What am I thinking?", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Hold on! Hold on now! Your mother hasn't opened my present yet."
"Wow, Dad and Bart have been everywhere! They've eaten submarine sandwiches, grinders, and hoagies." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Okay! Wait a minute. That's bad! Look, I know I'm not witty like that critic guy. But does he know all the words to the Oscar Mayer song?"
"He sure does, Uncle Herb." Bart Simpson said.
"And you never bought a replacement?", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Maybe there's something in Dad's backpack."
"Snowball!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Son, I won't strangle you anymore, but I also won't get you that mini-bike.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Marge, do mobsters ever congregate outside your house?" Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Now, now, I won't hear of it, Moe. You're a fabulous catch."
"I know it's not! I'm going into the dining room to have a conversation. Anyone who wants to join me is welcome." Marge Simpson responded.
"Perfect. Let's roll." Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "Oh, this sucks. C'mon snipers. Where are you?"
"Oh, right.", Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner said: "Ah, nineteen ninety-five. A fine year for Camrys. No one would ever guess you spent three months in a lake."
Homer Simpson responded: "Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! How dare you talk about Ned Flanders like that! He's a wonderful, kind, caring man. Maybe even more so than me. There have been times when I've lost patience with him, even lashed out at him. But this man has turned every cheek on his body. If everyone here were like Ned Flanders, there'd be no need for heaven. We'd already be there."
Homer Simpson said: "Hey, that's gonna win you a lot of bar bets some day."
"I don't get it. Football players can do the quarterback sneak, and baseball players can steal bases. Why can't I just remember which cards have been played?" Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Homer..."
Bart Simpson answered: "You know what would've really been cool? If we got that million bucks."
"Nah, nah, nah. Let me level with you, Marge. That's just our name for bottom-feeding suction eel. You don't want that." Moe Szyslak answered.
Seymour Skinner replied "Oh, you've made me the happiest man on earth."
Homer Simpson replied "Sweet."
"VOODOO SPELL / VOODOO SPELL / SEAGULL BEAK AND BONE OF MEL", Bart Simpson answered.
"Let's see what else is on.", Ned Flanders responded.
Homer Simpson answered "I thought I'd never have to do this, but it's time to tell you the facts of life."
Seymour Skinner said: "No, no it isn't! Don't listen to her! She's out of her mind!"
"Yeah. Nothing makes parents happier than when an eccentric single man takes an interest in their child.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Now where's my parade? Where's my parade?"
"This'll be the worst Thanksgiving dinner ever." Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner answered "Nope, I grant you five more fouls."
"Defying orders, eh? Well, I see you Scotsmen are thrifty with courage, too." Seymour Skinner answered.
Homer Simpson: "You used to be fun."
"Thanks, Moe.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Your child's behavior appalls me, not just as a principal, but as a veteran of America's only losing war.", Seymour Skinner replied.
"He knows what he's doing.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Never mind!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Quiet, Piggy, or we'll stick an apple in your mouth. We can't take any chances. We'll have to take turns watching him."
"Oh, that's it, baby. All for Moe. Oh, yeah. Work the slot. Show me the package." Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "When you think about it, mud is nothing but wet dirt."
"My slacks! have descended!", Seymour Skinner responded.
"I know you're hurting, but that's no reason to lash out at me." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Her wedding china back?"
Homer Simpson replied: "You're steerin' fine, boy... Hard to the right!"
"I'm laughing in the last one, but it's only 'cause the cat fell down the stairs." Homer Simpson answered.
"This was a great way to make extra money. Renting out our cloakrooms to the overcrowded prison system." Seymour Skinner said.
"I say when it's Christmas!", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"What the hell could that mean to you?" C. Montgomery Burns said.
"That's really sweet, honey." Homer Simpson responded.
"No... but the layers of bad on your surface go almost all the way to the center." Homer Simpson said.
"Rum cake!", Marge Simpson answered.
"Well, Dad, was there anything on your list about being cheated by an Irishman?" Homer Simpson said.
"Hi, everybody. Is everybody... good?", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Who are you?"
Moe Szyslak replied "Yeah, well, now those kids have an embarrassment for a mother."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Oh great, another invasive Skype from Mil-- huh?"
C. Montgomery Burns: "You! The troublemaking girl!"
"Homer, I was pretty upset with you, but in the end, I... I... I-beam!" Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "All right, everybody got their ticket? Then get ready for today's Super-Barto jackpot drawing!"
Homer Simpson replied "Honey, can we make up again?"
"Don't rightly know. I just soaked up the lingo like a biscuit in a bucket full of gopher gravy. I'll stop now." Marge Simpson replied.
"All good points. Sleep tight, my drunken angel.", Homer Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders replied "What are you talking about? Neither boy lost."
"Yeah, that's the life for me, Marge. Cruisin' and hasslin' shopkeepers.", Homer Simpson replied.
"No deal. Out.", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Thank you, Reverend Lovejoy."
"Now, let me ask you something: is there a place for an old-fashioned lardass like me on today's television?", Homer Simpson said.
"I think you're startin' to crack." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Who the hell are you?"
"Who are those freaks?", Marge Simpson answered.
"Sorry, sir. It's just me, Homer Simpson. Is everything all right?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh no! Dad!", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "There's a question that's crossed out."
"Oh, my. I better get you some cider.", Ned Flanders replied.
"Yes, well, it does sound like fun. I can't wait to start pawing through my garbage like some starving raccoon.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Yeah."
Marge Simpson responded "WE WISH YOU A MERRY CHRISTMAS / AND A HAPPY NEW YEAR!"
"Eh, they'll grow back." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "They all do."
"Bah humbug.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Like to see you fit." Bart Simpson responded.
"'CAUSE CHRISTMAS EVE IS HERE!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Now, now, there's plenty of exits for everyone." Ned Flanders replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "I don't make trash, I burn it."
Bart Simpson replied: "Yeah. Do the toilets go backwards in here?"
Homer Simpson said: "You heard me. I won't be in for the rest of the week. I told you. My baby beat me up. Oh, it is not the worst excuse I ever thought up. Wise guy."
Homer Simpson responded: "I like him!"
"Oh, I'm gonna miss you.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Well, some say being thoughtful is old-fashioned. If so, then I guess I'm just a cave man. If they existed, which they didn't!" Ned Flanders said.
"Hold on, Mr. Burns. Maybe we did fake a kidnapping, but is that really such a crime? All your son wanted was a little attention, a little love." Homer Simpson responded.
"Probably misses his old glasses." Homer Simpson said.
"And her.", Homer Simpson responded.
"They're squatting in our house?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "He's dreamy."
Homer Simpson answered: "The man at the stand said it was a record!"
Homer Simpson answered "You heard the monkey -- make the trade."
Homer Simpson replied: "I'm a freak!"
"How am I ever gonna take on all those guys?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Woo hoo hoo hoo! I did it!"
"Settle. Settle down." Ned Flanders answered.
"No, it was the night you got loaded at Moe's and the car had to be towed home.", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded "And Anita's family rented a beach house, and guess what? They went to the beach every day!"
Marge Simpson said: "No, behind her."
"War! Hunh! Good God y'all! / What is it good for? / Absolutely nothin'! Say it again! Okay!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Don't have a stereotypical view of me just because I'm your mother. I know. How about we play the basketball? I'm no Harvey Globetrotter, but..." Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "Okay."
"Mr. Burns, I, uh, was wondering if you'd like to sponsor my bowling team... for five hundred dollars.", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Dad, I don't want things to be awful between us. I made you some cookies."
"The noble Chiefs outsmarted the treacherous Cowboys with a seven-yard screen pass. Unfortunately, after further review, the great father in the sky determined that the receiver's moccasins were out of bounds. I shall bet no more forever.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Don't worry, Dad. We'll get out. America is the New York Yankees of countries -- powerful and respected until the year two thousand."
"Can we keep Santa's girlfriend, Mom?" Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "Those Cavalry Kids are bigger credit hogs than the Red Cross."
Homer Simpson answered "Get her outta here."
Bart Simpson replied "That's alright, Krusty."
Bart Simpson: "I roger that big time."
Homer Simpson replied "Woo! Rock 'n' roll!"
Marge Simpson responded: "The home told us you were dead."
"Pack your winter coat! We're going to Canada's warmest city!" Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Okay guys, I got your ice creams."
Homer Simpson said: "I've got it all figured out. By day it will roam free around the neighborhood. And at night it will nestle snugly between the cars in our garage."
Marge Simpson responded: "I think I'll unplug that."
"Aw, forget it. I'm so stupid. Anybody could have learned this dumb language by now. Here I've listened to nothing but French for the past deux mois, et je ne sais pas un mot. Eh! Mais, je parle francois maintenant. Incroyable!", Bart Simpson answered.
"Homer, you're sneaking out to go fishing? I can't believe your selfishness. You can go fishing anytime, but we're here trying to save our marriage. You're thinking about fishing, even when I'm talking... right now. Right?" Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "Lisa's your teammate?"
Seymour Skinner answered: "Lips touching the fountain. Off the list."
Bart Simpson replied: "Quick, Lisa! Call off your..."
Homer Simpson replied "Oh, why did I have to stop at the railroad tracks? Better get some change."
"Hey, where's Homer?", Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "No."
"Hmmm, a cow on a farm... With a moo moo here, and a moo moo there... Yes, it works!" Bart Simpson answered.
"Mom, I never won before. I may never win again. Nyah-nyah-nyah-nyah-nyah!", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "I'm Bart."
"All the other parents are doing it for their kids. Now stand back and I'll take it from here. A little further back.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "You're gonna be okay."
Marge Simpson answered "So that's the end of the story, huh?"
"I don't care. I hate them." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Oh, no! This time I really am gonna faint!"
"Excellent, excellent. Perhaps this energy conservation fad is as dead as the dodo." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"C'mon, people. This poetry isn't gonna appreciate itself." Bart Simpson responded.
"Grampa?!" Bart Simpson said.
"You could, but I find this way is much more accurate... and fun." Moe Szyslak said.
"Your mother must have painted this. I guess she thought he was cute... Hey, what the...", Homer Simpson said.
"Oh my God! Brace yourselves, family. We're about to meet a being with intelligence far beyond ours. Boy, get me my baseball bat.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Let's see, I can make that... you can get that by smashing open a golf ball... that you can find in any player piano..."
"Sweetie, these things are gonna take time. I just found the door-shutting thing." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Your team needs you! C'mon!!!"
"Just give the great unwashed a pair of oversized breasts and a happy ending, and they'll 'oink' for more every time." C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson replied "Well, whaddaya think of your old man now, son?"
"Flaaaan-ders... Flaaaan-ders...", Homer Simpson said.
"Mom, the reason God invented deadbolts is to keep people like Nelson out of your house." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "I can't afford that!"
"That life is worth living." Lisa Simpson said.
"I'm playing with my Sergeant Activity Doll." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Now remember, we're in the Itchy Lot."
Marge Simpson replied "I'm sorry for fibbing. Tell you what -- if you don't like it, you can complain all the way home."
"Oh yeah? Well, what makes you so damn sure?" Homer Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Listen, I think we might have to make a trip to Little Italy."
"That's guilt. You feel guilty because your stunt wound up costing a man his job.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "Bart, this is Patches, and what was your name?"
"We might be able to do business.", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Hello, sir."
"All right, Homer, let's see the left.", Moe Szyslak responded.
"I don't have a thing with my kid tomorrow!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Hey, that looks fun! Do me!"
Marge Simpson: "Honey, honey, I'd tell this boy that you're very flattered, but you're just not ready for this kind of thing."
Homer Simpson responded: "Our first sale!"
Homer Simpson answered "Beautiful."
Bart Simpson replied: "No, no, no, no. I got a lot goin' on."
Homer Simpson: "My corneas! You were saying?"
"Look, I'm not weird or anything, I just like to feel like I'm friends with everybody." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Aw, thanks for your honesty, Apu. Is there any other product in the store you'd like to warn me about?"
C. Montgomery Burns said "Oh, right, that's a trap door."
"On second thought, I'll just have a glass of milk. From that cow." C. Montgomery Burns said.
"No, I've got something even more special in mind." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Tree-huggers..."
Moe Szyslak said: "How tragic. Tell me more."
"Huh?" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Can't you stay in the Whack-A-Mole game?"
Bart Simpson responded: "Let's wait until they burn the school down."
Moe Szyslak answered: "Oh, an English boy, eh? You know we saved your ass in World War Two."
"Bo-ring!", Homer Simpson answered.
"SCORRRE!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Okay. Run!!!", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "I'm gonna glue my mouth shut with butterscotch!"
"Bye-bye, take care, watch your step, eat my shorts, have a good one..." Bart Simpson responded.
"Wait, this tastes different." Bart Simpson said.
"Oh yes, plenty of fish. We just don't have any bait." Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, fine." Bart Simpson said.
"We're not paying our bill, so the phone company shut off our service." Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "I really hope we're not spoiling them."
Homer Simpson replied: "Who wants to see their sexy new daddy?"
Moe Szyslak replied "Dirt... carpet... another layer of dirt... Congoleum... hardwood?! The perfect floor for doin' a happy jig!"
"Oh, sorry." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "You've ruined all my stuff."
"Look Homer, Lisa's taking her first steps." Marge Simpson said.
"Please, guys, give me a break. Can you give me the duckling without beating me up?", Bart Simpson responded.
"Aww. Goodbye, everyone. Don't touch my stuff." Homer Simpson answered.
"I'll miss you, son." Homer Simpson said.
"I'll bring the car around.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Hey! Woo-hoo! I won!"
"Lisa? Is this what I've come to? Fighting over a stupid sandwich on my daughter's big day? Mister, I'll take that car." Homer Simpson said.
"Bart, I can spend some time with you." Marge Simpson replied.
"Hey, how ya doin' there? / Hi! / Hello. / Yo, Kitenge! What's going on?" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Bank it off the pink tombstone." Bart Simpson replied.
"Look, I know this has been a stressful holiday. But, in a way, having nothing reminds us how lucky we really are.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Moe, I was just thinking, if Maggie and I were in the neighborhood, maybe we could drop by and have a playdate with you... and your ham."
Homer Simpson replied: "Selma? Va-va-va-wha?!"
Homer Simpson responded: "And who's selling the uranium to the terrorists? Montgomery Burns. Now, we wait."
"That's because you stole it!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Hey, I know you. You're my mechanic, Junior." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "It's like God's vacuum cleaner!"
Homer Simpson said: "Woo hoo, hoo! Take that Maynard G. Krebs!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Silly Indians. Our God made their god."
Homer Simpson replied "Because I was saving that for my birthday. Now, c'mon!"
"Even I saw that. I guess I can't tell Homer." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Could someone please whack my hernia back in?"
Homer Simpson said "They're rebroadcasting Major League Baseball with implied oral consent, not expressed written consent! Or so the legend goes."
Marge Simpson responded "Homer! What's this thing in the corner?"
Marge Simpson answered: "Of course, the stock market's been down lately."
"Oh, I just naturally assumed." Homer Simpson answered.
"Well, maybe. But, get this, Krusty was illiterate and the guy who robbed the store was reading the Springfield Review of Books." Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "Martin! I've made a major discovery!"
"Well, no kicking. It's too dangerous." Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "Yes, it's the preferred term. And most scientists believe that what enters a black hole never comes out. But some think they may be a gateway to other universes."
"Uh-oh.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Y'ello."
Homer Simpson: "Oops."
Marge Simpson said "Homie, I'm still a little nervous about performing in front of all those people..."
"Oh, my poor Homie! This is what I was hoping for... for it not to have been completely his fault! Thank you, Moe." Marge Simpson answered.
"Hm, there must be some mistake." Marge Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "This is a thousand monkeys working at a thousand typewriters. Soon they'll have written the greatest novel known to man."
"Look! There's Duffman!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"So long, jerks." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Ow! Oooh! Paper cut, paper cut!"
Bart Simpson answered "Put up the storm jib and haul in the main sheet!"
Homer Simpson answered "I'll take 'em."
"Yeah, one for boys and one for girls." Lisa Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Excellent! Clearly the work of Lenny. That's the white one, right?"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Please don't say a man."
Moe Szyslak answered: "Okay it's over! Get 'em out of here!"
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Bah. Schedule a game and I'll ask him myself."
"Dinner's in the oven. If you want some butter, it's under my face." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, sorry."
Bart Simpson: "Some are real, some are just robots filled with venom."
"No. That's wrong.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Nothing!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "For all of us. Look."
Marge Simpson replied: "Really? Even Zima?"
Bart Simpson replied "Oops."
Marge Simpson replied "KIDS! / I CAN NAG AND NAG TILL MY HAIR TURNS BLUE..."
Bart Simpson replied: "Whoa, cool! Twice the pet and none of the mess."
"Mom, what are you doing?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"That donkey is such a bad influence on you." Marge Simpson said.
"Thanks, Marge. It's not a twist-off!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Eleven-thirty! Oh, that's just great."
"It's an honor, Lance. How you feeling?" Bart Simpson responded.
"What up, Marge?", Homer Simpson responded.
"This dump is too filthy for a man with a positive worldview. I'm gonna start cleaning!" Moe Szyslak said.
"I guess so.", Homer Simpson said.
"I don't think so." C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Of course I... Oh, my stars! I can't do that." Ned Flanders replied.
Homer Simpson replied "OH NI-IGHT, DI- Vine. Hey, my voice just changed."
"The cat is named Scratchy." Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said "Oh really? Well let me ask you this, how many kids bring a gun to meet Santa?"
Homer Simpson answered: "All right, Son. We'll all go -- first class!"
Bart Simpson: "Okay."
"Ah, McGarnigal. Eases the pain." Homer Simpson responded.
"Yeah, man.", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Step aside. Come on. Spread out, spread out. Lost kid. Comin' through. Look out, fatso. Comin' through. Comin' through. Pardon me. Movin' to the front of the line. Hey, Lis, nice work, babe."
"I knew you were, Dad. I always knew.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "Actually, Homer got up early to count and sort pills. Then he called the police when a Frisbee landed on our lawn. Then he went to the drugstore for an egg cream, but he only brought a nickel."
"Please don't go! Please? Please? I command you!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "It brings me great joy to unite two such loving people. Photo mouse pads for sale out back."
"Mother, please don't call me Spanky on school grounds.", Seymour Skinner responded.
"Nah. Use this.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Read it!"
"Wait a minute. How am I breathing?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Maybe a little gift will change your mind.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Marge Simpson said "Lisa? Are you in here?"
Bart Simpson said: "Yeah, what happened while I was chillin' in Dad's junk?"
"Listen up, Stonehenge. I made a drawing of the places on Marge you can't touch. Especially the hair.", Homer Simpson said.
"Can you get me some of those Flintstones' chewable morphine?" Bart Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Oh, it's not working. Only my sour, curdled breath will quicken him."
Homer Simpson responded "Oh, she's just jealous. She'll get over it, and if she doesn't, we can always exchange her."
"They're opening another Mother Hubbard -- across the street?! How could they? How could they?!" Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "What flavor?"
Bart Simpson replied: "Who's that, George?"
Bart Simpson answered: "Who's Charlene?"
"He laughed as he heard that old codger's house-sizzles.", Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Excuse me, boys! My brother is lost, and kind of a jerk. If he'd brought a map of the grounds as I suggested, then we would--"
"JUST ONCE I WISH CUPID / WOULD DRAW BACK HIS BOW / AND SHOOT ME A CUTIE / WHOSE STANDARDS ARE LOW...", Moe Szyslak replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "Who's Disco Stu?"
"Oh, I'd like to apply for a job. Any job. If you don't have a captain, I could be that." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Feels like this play date's gone on forever."
"Yeah.", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Shut up, boy." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Ew. Okay, let's get started."
Lisa Simpson replied "I'm not a coward."
Lisa Simpson replied: "No. Because they're efficient and punctual, with a strong work ethic."
Marge Simpson answered "Forget it! And you know, I went to a Catholic wedding once. The incense ruined my pantsuit!"
Moe Szyslak responded "I don't think he's here... hang on, let me check."
"Homer, I think that chip's got enough dip on it.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Oh. My name is Homer and I'm planning a trip to St. Louis."
"Too hot to bicker, I reckon." Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "But now, I want to follow in your footsteps."
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, so you're better than me, is that it?"
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "I was taking them to the groomer's."
"It's a bone scraping from that skeleton I found." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Son, you can dial down the crazy. Your mother and I talked about it and we found a way to get to New York. It's all set, boy. To save money, we're swapping houses."
Bart Simpson responded: "Shh! I'm on the roof!"
"Life is too fragile. One minute you're lying in your hammock drinkin' beer, the next thing you know you're sittin' here drinkin' beer.", Homer Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders answered: "Monorail."
Homer Simpson said "Check."
"Look, I, I'm really glad you're off the wacky tobacky.", Moe Szyslak answered.
Seymour Skinner said "Oh, yeah? Well that makes two of us."
Marge Simpson replied: "Maybe I should call the police."
"This was the happiest time of my life. I'll never forget you guys. Especially you, Joey." Homer Simpson responded.
"See? I told you it was over.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "A professional in an ape mask is still a professional."
"Aw." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "As long as it doesn't involve losing weight or changing my pants."
"Yes, I could really picture him. With curly shoes. And smoke all over the place. You're a born storyteller." Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "Nothing. I give up. No more dinner parties. Our whole social life will be us watching TV and you going to Moe's."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Hey!"
"I've gotta go now.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Marge, you just agreed to raise the kids Klingon!"
Lisa Simpson: "Bart, you can't go on like this."
Homer Simpson answered: "The march of progress."
"Bill Clinton? What are you doin' here?" Homer Simpson said.
"I can't believe Homer left me at the altar." Marge Simpson said.
"From now on, I'm gonna be just like Krusty and tell it like it is. Marge, you're gettin' a little fat around the old thighs." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "I'd reached step one: She knew I existed. The only problem was, she didn't care."
"I like it when you don't say words.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "I got the idea from a now-discredited book on raising children."
Homer Simpson responded: "No I'm not, Marge! They're embarrassing me! They're embarrassing America! They turned the Navy into a floating joke! They ruined all our best names, like Bruce and Lance and Julian! Those were the toughest names we had, now they're just..."
"And it came with a free instruction book." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Hey, what happened to the bubbles?"
Homer Simpson: "Sure they are, honey."
"Principal Skinner!" Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "I won't tell anybody."
"Marge! Where's the Duff?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Hoo!"
"Fine. How's it goin'?" Bart Simpson responded.
"Something happens next?", Bart Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders said "Oh, what the heck. I know it's impolite to make a move till episode twenty-five of a Ken Burns documentary, but you're that special."
Bart Simpson replied: "I thought we were gonna be pals forever. But, we're gonna have to say goodbye, because you don't understand a single word I say. If you just knew how important it was to learn sit..."
Ned Flanders responded: "Here, this may sound just a teensy bit insane in the ol' membrane, Homer. But I, I was wondering if you could show me how to have some fun."
Marge Simpson answered: "No!"
"What is this place?", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded: "Let's just write to David Bowie again."
"That's it? What happened to all the lobsters, mangoes and chewy chewy cocoa beans?", Bart Simpson said.
"No, I'm gonna ask Marge.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "No, no. He's fine. Go on, Mojo, show Marge your happy dance."
"Homer, shouldn't we give that skull to Mr. Smithers?" Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Uh, I'm giving it back to the earth."
Ned Flanders replied: "The Flanders family has pulled up stakes. You have laughed at us for the last-diddily-ast time."
Bart Simpson replied: "Oh, well I guess that explains everything."
Lisa Simpson said: "Homer Simpson..."
"Oh!" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "I'll bet."
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, Marge, don't let go, no matter what. If they want you in heaven, they gotta take me, too."
Marge Simpson answered: "That teddy bear survived three safety recalls, but it couldn't survive you!"
Bart Simpson replied: "You are the luckiest people in the world! You get to look at me!"
Lisa Simpson said "When what's all over?!"
"You're group-writing a book?! But the only reason anyone would ever do that is... profit!" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Beer! Now there's a temporary solution."
Homer Simpson responded: "What game?"
"You've saved more than a hundred dollars. I found it in your pants.", Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said "No, but I enjoy the smell."
"Why don't you try to set a record, Dad?", Bart Simpson said.
"I wish I was one of those young women who could just wave their hands in front of their eyes and not cry, 'cause it doesn't work for me." Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied "It's a hologram?! Well, maybe if it's in good taste..."
"Who?", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Now while I wasn't able to cut everyone I wanted to, I have cut a lot of you. Wendell is cut. Rudy is cut. Janey, you're gone. Steven, I like your hustle. That's why it was so hard to cut you."
"Dad! I was telling the story.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson: "Is that what we do in this family? When someone becomes an inconvenience, we just get rid of them?!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "All right, I guess you're supposed to go through this stupid door..."
"I'm Bart Simpson, who the hell are you?", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "Classic hose-play."
"We're assessing you, not him.", Seymour Skinner said.
Bart Simpson: "Way to go, Dad! Take those punches!"
"Thanks, Magic." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Ed Asner?"
"Now, I'm off to a party, my outfit is chic. It's a Catwoman costume I'm sure is unique.", Marge Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders said "Back off, you servants of the Holy See!"
Marge Simpson replied "When God rested on the seventh day, did He take a nap or do a hobby He enjoyed?"
Marge Simpson: "Now, Homer, don't worry. All I need to do is find Mr. Burns' inner beauty."
Homer Simpson: "Hey, what is this? The Spanish Exposition?"
"I really appreciate you helping me find Homer.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Ha, of course I do! Happy anni... birth... entine... shark week?" Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Simpson, eh? How very strange. His job description clearly specifies an illiterate."
Lisa Simpson said "Wait, people are coming. I think they're Jehovah's Witnesses."
"OOH EEE OOH AH AH / TING TANG WALLA WALLA BING BANG / OOH EEE OOH AH AH / WALLA BING BANG TING TING TOOO!", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "Milhouse, it's not that far to the ground. And the rain has probably softened it up a bit."
"Shhhh! Just watch." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said "Oh, Mom. I've seen what you do around the house, and I can handle it. Maybe I can even make things more efficient."
Seymour Skinner said: "Well, it seems someone was riding the giant tortoise naked."
"I guess Fun Dad is a foodie now!", Homer Simpson said.
"A dog! All right, Dad!" Lisa Simpson said.
"That's all I can stands, I can't stands no more. I'm gonna get you outta there myself.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Just promise me you won't play anymore practical jokes."
"No, I do not know what Schadenfreude is. Please tell me, because I'm dying to know." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "Well, we're not."
"Slick Willie wiggles out of another one." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "Bart."
"Now don't worry. I am gonna search high and low for your mother. But just in case I don't find her, I want you to contact this agency." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "There has to be someone who saw him -- someone who doesn't hate me like Flanders and Bart... Wait! The bartender at Knockers."
Bart Simpson responded: "Kindergarten?"
"Why here's the fellow! Wiry... fast... firm proud buttocks. Reminds me of me.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Marge Simpson responded "But I don't want a beach house. Sand makes me sad. Because it used to be big rocks. But not anymore. Not anymore..."
"This is a Springfield Isotopes cap. When you wear it, you're wearing Springfield. When you eat a fish from our river, you're eating Springfield. When you make lemonade from our trees you're drinking Springfield.", Marge Simpson said.
"He can't ride ponies.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Yes'm." Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Well, I am one: flattered and two: intrigued. Lisa Simpson."
Homer Simpson said "Go away. We've got bigger problems now."
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Hm. Oh yes."
"Oh, sorry.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "Here come the cricket bats."
"No." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Boy, when God closes a door, he opens a window."
Marge Simpson: "I'm sorry, honey. Here, you can have the junk mail."
"Leave the rag.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson replied "No I don't want any string beans either you two-timing, back-stabbing. Uh oh I better answer. No, thank you."
Homer Simpson answered: "Chewy! That's inspired."
Homer Simpson replied: "Nooooooo..."
"Not if I tell her first." Homer Simpson said.
"Who knows? But it sure is easy. I'll walk you through it. All you have to do is--" Bart Simpson answered.
"Jimbo heard me say it. I'm dead.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Aw, you're sweet." Marge Simpson responded.
"Hit me.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Uh, so. Let's have a conversation. Uh, I think we'll find we have very little in common.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "He fell for it! Way to go, Marge!"
"Sammy Hagar? You're not dead.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "We don't need a thinker, we need a doer. Someone who'll act without considering the consequences."
Marge Simpson replied: "Hold on -- I still have to caramelize."
Bart Simpson said: "Well Homer, looks like I can't go to discipline camp. Which is too bad, 'cause I think this was the thing that would finally straighten me out."
"Mom's looking good through elementary school... ninth grade, tenth grade, still ridin' the A-Train... Then suddenly, when she was a high school senior BLAM!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Were you listening at all?"
"Um, uh, I think I'd like to go home.", Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "If she started dinner three minutes earlier, we wouldn't be in this mess!"
"It's hopeless." Lisa Simpson responded.
"I've got to fool him before the day is out -- but how? He must have a weakness.", Bart Simpson said.
"Tomato, tomahto. Now how am I gonna win Maya back?" Moe Szyslak said.
"If he's not careful, his scooter could roll right down that ramp." Ned Flanders responded.
Bart Simpson answered "B-I- -O"
Homer Simpson responded "A contractor? Those guys are the biggest crooks around. They charge for materials and labor! Pick one, jerks!"
"I don't get this. This guy paints his noggin and you guys are ready to buy pants. Meanwhile, I been payin' for that billboard outside for a year now, and it's not yieldin' nothin'!" Moe Szyslak answered.
Bart Simpson responded "Cool."
"Mom, to your left. He's letting you in. Go!" Bart Simpson said.
"Look, I'll be a winner with feet of clay... like Mickey Mantle. Everyone loves the Mick." Marge Simpson responded.
"One or two?", Bart Simpson answered.
"Maybe you're not cut out for competitive eating." Lisa Simpson said.
"That was beautiful.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "Sorry, Milhouse, I've got plans."
Homer Simpson answered: "I didn't know they still made TV dinners this bad."
"They're dogs! And they're playing poker!", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered: "No one asked you to yell and slash!"
"WHAT?", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Hey, Apu, what's with the line?"
"Out back." Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "And 40 percent more rootin' tootin'!"
Homer Simpson answered: "That was a muffin!"
Homer Simpson answered: "I was standing right here, when the horrible creature emerged from the woods."
Bart Simpson replied: "So, did you tell Mom you got beat up?"
Seymour Skinner said: "Yes. I saw those when my normal grocery store was on strike."
"Hey Lis, you wanna play Cap City Monopoly?" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Ooo, what job is that?"
"How much?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Gee, Herb, because of me you lost your business, your home, and all your possessions. I can't help but think that maybe you would have been better off if I'd never come into your life."
Moe Szyslak replied "Saint Paulie Girls' Cathedral."
"Oh, it's even worse when you know it has a name." Homer Simpson responded.
"Okay, let's try again.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Finally!" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "Come on, people. You don't want to stay in a place where they vacuum you while you sleep."
Homer Simpson answered "There's only two kinds of guys who wear those shirts -- gay guys, and big fat party-animals. And Bart doesn't look like a big fat party-animal to me."
Homer Simpson said: "Good."
"Have you been drinking?" Marge Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak said: "Mind if we drive in silence for a bit?"
Moe Szyslak responded: "Oh, wait. It was better the other way."
Marge Simpson responded: "Of course."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Lazy father..."
Marge Simpson replied: "But..."
Bart Simpson said: "Yo, Doctor S. Have you seen Milhouse?"
Homer Simpson said "Correction. The first blimp that got her pregnant."
"But I need to prove that my ancestor couldn't have backed down to Colonel Burns!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"I don't think so. Although it would explain an awful lot." Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "Maybe we could do both."
"Aw, geez, I thought writing another hit song would be easier." Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Hey McBain, I'm a big fan, but your last movie really sucked."
"Ah, the information I've been waiting for.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "Oh, now I get it."
"Now, whoever finishes first gets a lemonade..." Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson: "No, us!"
Lisa Simpson said "You've really done it this time."
"Me." Bart Simpson replied.
"Oh Marge, once again you've taken one of my screw-ups and turned it into food. Man, if only you could do that with Bart." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Yeah, well, I've humiliated my son for the last time. I'm going to get into shape."
"How 'bout this one?" Homer Simpson answered.
"That dog can sell anything.", Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, I'm a chicken, am I?", Ned Flanders replied.
"Um, you're just having a bad day. I had one last week. I burned the roast, my cake fell, and I ran out of butter so I had to spray the English muffins with PAM.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Sharp, stabbing pains... in my stomach.", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "Hey, guys."
Homer Simpson replied "A girl! Oh Marge, we have a wonderful baby girl! Not just a girl, the most beautiful baby girl in the whole world!"
Marge Simpson said "Who cares what happened? Daddy's back!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Ow! Ah! No! Ow! Ow! Hey! Ow! Ow! You're mean."
"Hey, you guys owe me a frisbee. A new one." Bart Simpson answered.
"Your daughterly love saved me, sweetie!" Homer Simpson said.
"Homer!" Ned Flanders said.
"Oh, Homer won't be able to play for a long time." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Hey, how ya doin'?"
"Yeah, that'll happen.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "I thought we were going to breakfast."
Homer Simpson responded: "Moe's Tavern Grand Opening... That was back when his floors were sticky with promise."
Homer Simpson replied: "Lucky, shmucky. I knocked her up. But she's stuck now -- we're married, till death do us part. But if I died, she'd be completely free. For man or machine."
"Ouch, this place is fancy." Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "Don't blame us, Dad. The celebrities are the ones who canned you."
"You mean like Europeans were to the Native Americans? Or the Belgians were to the Congo?" Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "Okay, Ray, your wing is healed. Go on. Live your life."
Moe Szyslak said "Oh no! The power's out! We'll miss Fox Celebrity Boxing!"
"Yo! Check out my brother, Charlie!" Bart Simpson replied.
"WHO RIGS EVERY OSCAR NIGHT? /" Homer Simpson said.
"Bart! Our Cartoon's on TV!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"We can all burn evidence in it.", Homer Simpson said.
"No. It would only worry her. If you want to add to her worries, go ahead. I guess I'm just a little more grateful for all she's done for us.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Well, this doesn't deserve to win." Seymour Skinner replied.
"I am turning my back, because I can't stand to look you in the face." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Well friend, you're going back where you came from. The curb in front of Flanders' house."
"Don't have a cow, Dad." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Ooh."
"Knitting one sweater for someone costs twenty-seven Americans their jobs." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "You don't owe him anything. Moe was in the hospital for three weeks and I didn't visit him once."
"What the--" Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "See ya!"
Homer Simpson answered "That's right, Brad and Neil. I only eat Power Sauce -- the bar with Apple-saucicity."
Homer Simpson answered "Woo hoo!"
Homer Simpson responded "Ew, it tastes terrible!"
"I'll show you who's a... moron.", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Excuse me, but I think if we all do our fair share, we can keep this house clean." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Okay." Homer Simpson responded.
"No, Dad, that's Hebrew. Krusty must be Jewish.", Lisa Simpson said.
"That's a dumb name. Who's that, George?" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "For more information on Grand Funk, consult your school library!"
C. Montgomery Burns said: "I'm sending you a photo over the Faxtrola. I need you to fly to Springfield and assassinate this man post-haste."
Bart Simpson replied: "Hey, it didn't fall apart."
"Oh." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Trucks are like big cars." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "What are you planting?"
"La la la la la la la la..." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Oh Lisa, that's one of those rumors you get off the internet."
Homer Simpson answered "Next."
Homer Simpson replied "Hey, Fat Tony! You still with the Mafia?"
"What happened to me? In one vulnerable moment I became the thing I hated most -- a literary fraud.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Apparently not feisty enough. Future generations will judge us by how we cared for the tiniest creatures. I am not just asking you to save the bees. I am asking you to save your souls.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "I've got fifteen minutes to gain a pound or I gotta face another day at work."
Moe Szyslak said: "Nah, nah, nah, no luxury items. Just the face."
"Why should I go inside? The world is my toilet now.", Bart Simpson said.
Ned Flanders answered "Look Homer, people don't come back as anything -- except for our Lord, who came back as bread. That's it."
Homer Simpson answered "Now, let me raise this beer to toast..."
"Just because Maggie can't talk doesn't mean she's dumb -- Einstein didn't speak 'til he was three.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"/ Yahoo! / Oh, man, am I glad to get outta there! / etc." Lisa Simpson said.
"Oh my God! It's worse than I thought.", Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Well, Marge, you can't say I never take you anywhere."
"I guess Bart must be a musical genius, because frauds are always found out. Always.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "Funniest man alive? Prince of Pies? The Sultan of Seltzer?"
"Awesome, another call.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Hey, mister?"
"And to pay you back, I'm returning your nose.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Well, he sure makes life a lot easier around here. You have to admit that.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Yes! She loves me! She loves me!"
"Well, what's the good word?" Homer Simpson responded.
"To the scooter store!" Moe Szyslak answered.
Marge Simpson replied "No, it was Homer!"
Ned Flanders: "Ho-ho-ho, you betcha. Team sports'll keep you away from temptations like rock music and girls."
Homer Simpson responded "Well..."
"Oh, Homer, would you please help me make a big deal of this?" Marge Simpson said.
"This stinks! I've got stubby little robot legs and an ass that's not equipped for an adult diet." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "What's the matter, Moe?"
"Secure.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Come right this way, Mel. I... Tim, hold my calls." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "It's worse than you think. I just trampled these poor saps' flower bed."
"Homer, take the taser out of your pants.", Ned Flanders said.
"Homer, a little help?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Hey! I'm watchin' that!" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "The den! Great idea!"
Moe Szyslak responded "Hey, look. I've been in the bartender business for a long time alright, I've heard it all."
Homer Simpson said: "Thank you, mysterious weirdo."
"Mm... Simpson!" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"We have to see the Museum of TV before next Wednesday when it closes forever." Marge Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner replied: "Mother, get an extra-special hug ready. I've bought you a new juicer!"
Marge Simpson replied: "Homie, what are you doing?"
"Well... there's a tall boy in front of me in class so I can't see the board." Bart Simpson replied.
"Uh-huh, what's an esbat?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Are your parents okay with that? They've never met us.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Yes. And it's a big one. Remember?" Marge Simpson said.
"Well, I guess that part is loosely based on your father.", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "We were good, Dad. They asked us to play in the Krusty Klassic!"
"Hey uh, do you have diarrhea? I-I have diarrhea.", Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson said "Make love now?"
Lisa Simpson said "All I'm saying is--"
Homer Simpson responded "LORD, I'M COMING HOME TO YOU / Alabama!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Now Apu, when you gave me this keg it had dents. And here's proof."
Bart Simpson replied "They'll never believe a Simpson killed a Flanders by accident. Even I have my doubts."
"Africa? They're bound to have food there!" Homer Simpson said.
"How did this happen?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Work!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Kinda."
"I need your help. I want to be loved." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Even better, I never unpacked from the time we went to Hawaii."
"While your father and brother are doing some manly bonding in the woods, I thought we could do a little bonding of our own." Marge Simpson replied.
"Wait a minute... I know where we're going... Oh, it's horrible...", Homer Simpson responded.
"Dad?" Bart Simpson answered.
"Ah, nothing can make me mad out here.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Wake up! The Rapture is coming in half an hour! There's no time to waste! Marge, grill a chicken! No, make sandwiches! And some Kettle Chips would be nice! Original, not barbecue!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Fine, Nelson gets a valentine. An old one from the box." Bart Simpson replied.
"Okay, that was just my imagination.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Wait a minute. How could those stupid jar-heads win?"
Lisa Simpson replied: "DADDY TOLD ME TO BE BRAVE"
Seymour Skinner replied: "Why look, it's typical student Lisa Simpson."
Marge Simpson answered: "Wake up! You're alive! You're alive!"
Lisa Simpson replied "Dad, how much money did you bet?"
Homer Simpson said "Dasher, Dancer..."
Bart Simpson replied: "If there was some way to get rid of Flanders, would you want to come back?"
"Oh God, it's so unnecessary!", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded "Bart! Bart! What are you doing?! We've got to get out of here!"
Bart Simpson responded: "Well, actually, Dad... I believe you."
"What's he doing here?" Seymour Skinner replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "What?! You threw our precious babies into the woods?! We could have sold them!"
"Why would my man-dad have lady stuff?", Homer Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner said: "We have a school full of professionals, sir."
Bart Simpson responded: "Hey, Jimbo, keepin' your nose clean, dude? Attaboy! Hey, Donna, who loves ya, baby?"
"More cocoa, Mr. Burns?" Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered "Um... thank you for noticing me?"
Marge Simpson answered "No!"
Homer Simpson: "So, this has become a game of wits, has it?"
"Homer?" Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "Dad, over here!"
Bart Simpson answered "Yeah, folks, the power of Christ compels you to give Ned an extra ten bucks."
"You don't understand me. Only she understands me.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "What's wrong with my sundaes?"
"Yeah. I'll tell you what, at least help me buy the boy a gumball. Do you have change for a nickel?", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Hell, yes."
"Give that back!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Yes we do. The cookie told me so."
Lisa Simpson said "Dad, this is a kid's menu where you help Yogi Bear get to the Washington Monument."
"What are you doing?! You're indoors at an outdoor party!", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Oh yeah. How does that go again?"
"So much.", Homer Simpson said.
"I woke up and the money jar was full! That means the devil accepted my bargain. Now to uphold my end of the deal!", Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded: "There's the school!"
Bart Simpson said: "Nah, it's too early. I need to work under cover of darkness."
"Ooh, I hope this is sweat.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "I was alive when my Dad knew you?"
Homer Simpson replied: "That's not enough."
Marge Simpson answered "I'm feeling annoyance and frustration, but also tolerance."
"I'm not a cop.", Marge Simpson said.
"Oh my God. I'm ugly." Lisa Simpson responded.
"But Sipowicz does it." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "I drew this picture of you."
Bart Simpson said: "Dear Krusty, this is Bart Simpson, Krusty Buddy #16302 respectfully returning his Badge..."
Lisa Simpson: "Wow!"
Bart Simpson answered "Don't waste your shot, Bart. You've got just enough cat pee to soak two dorks."
"Ooh, the Drain Bugger!", Marge Simpson said.
"Oh, save it for your next book, you little snitch!", Marge Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak answered "Yeah! Moe's Tavern. Moe speaking."
"Oh for God's sake." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Seymour Skinner replied: "Attention, students. In order to cut down on the rash of embarrassing YouTube videos of our teachers, we will be scanning you and taking away your smartphones."
"Me too. The walls are paper-thin.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"This town is full of deadbeats. We can't afford this elephant.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "Well, I am just shocked by this whole family. Whatever happened to good old-fashioned town pride?"
"No, no... Listen, don't tell anyone, but... I can't stand pigeons! They're like rats with wings!" Lisa Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak said: "C'mon on let us through, you vultures."
"Do you mind ridin' on a cute little scooter with your arms around my waist?" Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "What?"
"Hmm. I don't remember a bowling alley being th--" Homer Simpson answered.
"Wow. The artist really captured Jimi's passion and intensity.", Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "Quick, we've got to get them back!"
"Truly these band books deserve to be banned.", Seymour Skinner answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "He's still inside-in, folks! And just to prove it:"
"Gee, if some snot-nosed little kid sent me to prison, the first thing out, I'd find out where he lives, and tear him a new bellybutton." Homer Simpson answered.
"Could it be? Perhaps kindness did keep me alive.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Leave her alone! That's my only talking daughter!", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "What kind of slime would I marry? I don't understand."
"Watch it!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Lisa, help!"
"Places where my intelligence will be an asset, not a liability?", Lisa Simpson replied.
"I can still hear his voice on the wind.", Homer Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "That's just an S.S. card, you Dummkopf!"
"Bart's right -- let's none of us have a cow. All that matters is that the fans of the show liked it." Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "Mom, can we go to New York to find this girl I used to know?"
Homer Simpson replied "Now featuring the Pox Box! Pox box not recommended for pregnant or nursing women. Like any disease box, results may vary. Pox box!"
Bart Simpson said: "Get on that bus! I'll explain during the explosions!"
Seymour Skinner responded "He robbed the school of financial security!"
Homer Simpson said: "That's sorta nice. What are you in for?"
Lisa Simpson responded "Bart, it's still history."
"Aannd 'round and 'round she -- uh-oh." Bart Simpson answered.
"BART SAD." Lisa Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner said: "Help, it's caving in!"
Marge Simpson replied: "Perhaps if you wrap it in a slice of cheese."
Marge Simpson responded: "I don't know how you can all just lay around the house on a nice day like this. When was the last time we went for a good old-fashioned family walk?"
"I mean, four!" Homer Simpson said.
"Stupid Selma and Grampa... how dare they find happiness?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Certainly.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Who? Maude and me?", Ned Flanders responded.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "One... One... One..."
Bart Simpson replied "Santa's Little Helper, you came too!"
"Homer!" Marge Simpson replied.
"Stupid Miss Hoover.", Lisa Simpson said.
"No." Homer Simpson answered.
"I want to talk about a horrible practice afflicting millions of Americans. For years we've known how dangerous it is. It stunts your growth. And it's marketed to children. I'm talking about ballet." Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "But she doesn't melt."
Lisa Simpson responded "You're not listening!"
"Dad, promise me you'll never wander off and make us explore your fascinating past again." Homer Simpson responded.
"Since when?", Homer Simpson said.
"Homer!" Marge Simpson responded.
"That sounds horrible!" Marge Simpson responded.
"Sixty cents?! I would've made more if I'd gone into work today!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Marge, what's going on?"
"Well, what can I be?" Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "I've got you, Grampa!"
Moe Szyslak responded: "The government wants to shut me down 'cause the pipes under my toilet don't lead nowhere."
"Why wouldn't I?" Marge Simpson answered.
"Huh?", Moe Szyslak answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Listen, Wrinkles! If you know something that'll cheer up my little girl, you'd better spill it. Or I can make things very uncomfortable for you."
"I can't believe it. My own dog bit me." Bart Simpson said.
"Eww, we're gonna do our grocery shopping at a 99-Cent Store?" Lisa Simpson said.
"PLEASE TAKE MY HA-A-A-ND!", Seymour Skinner said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Sorry lady, show's over."
Homer Simpson said: "Now, why don't you stay for dinner."
Homer Simpson replied "I didn't tell you about the basement."
"You monster!" Homer Simpson replied.
"I've got it!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Now if you could make with some bacon and eggs, I'll be on my way." Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered "Dad, this is my moment in the sun. How can you miss it to be with a sandwich?"
Seymour Skinner replied: "...Miss Phipps, the school nurse, who will provide ointments and unguents...and Jimbo, the school bully who will administer noogies and nipple twisters."
Marge Simpson answered: "Homie, I missed you so much! Put your pants back on."
Homer Simpson said: "Do - you - hear - a - noise?"
"No. But sir, he's a drunk." Seymour Skinner responded.
Homer Simpson responded "And now to get dressed in a most unusual way:"
Bart Simpson said "Yo, Otto-man."
Marge Simpson said "Well, if he's gonna get a haircut, Bart should at least have gotten a balloon with it."
"I'm sure they're fine, honey." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "I knew I had seen this exact scene somewhere else -- it was in the movie Mr. Lampwick showed me. Ladies and gentlemen, this drawing was made in 1919, nine years before Roger Myers made his first Itchy and Scratchy cartoon."
"Yet we at this power plant are doing this every hour of every day. Bloated inventories, outmoded production methods -- I can save this company millions of dollars a year. How? Through Jiko Kanri, the Japanese art of self-management. You see, in the West... the long term benefits more than offsetting the one-time cost... for a net savings of..." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "Homie, you want pork chops?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Really? You think it's dangerous?"
"Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow!" Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said "Don't listen to him. You just have a good time at the eye doctor."
Bart Simpson responded: "It's just not the same."
"He's not so fat.", Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, don't be a wuss.", Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Raymondo, I knew your heart was as pure as the ether that helps you get to sleep. Raymondo?"
"Oh no! He's talking to that mailroom guy." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Ooh, doubles!"
"Oh, how magical!" Marge Simpson replied.
"Well, it looks like Maggie crawled through these bushes, spit up over here, and crashed her tricycle into the wall.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "I feel the same way about that lamp."
"I think we should re-test him.", Seymour Skinner answered.
"You think you've got problems, look what I just pulled out of my arm!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Boy, I can't believe you got expelled. Well, don't expect to spend all week lying around on the couch like a bum 'cause that's my thing!"
Lisa Simpson responded "Hardly. I'd like you to explain why we should build a mass transit system in a small town with a centralized population."
Marge Simpson answered "Time to go to the reunion."
Marge Simpson: "You've made some money and had the fun of being a wanted criminal. Why not quit now, while you're ahead?"
"Right here." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Sweet. Fresh meat."
Homer Simpson answered "Wait a minute -- if killing myself would make you two happy, then I'm not gonna do it."
Bart Simpson responded: "I can do that but I don't wanna."
"The polite thing to do would've been to clean the shells first. Shoo, shoo!", Marge Simpson answered.
"Because you look even more beautiful now than the day I married you." Homer Simpson responded.
"Cheeseburger." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Here you go. Make sure you get into every crevice."
Bart Simpson: "Really?! Wow, I should've started a long time ago!"
"There you are. Thought you could get away, huh?" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "No, no, no. I meant pushing kids on swings."
"Wow, being in show business is like a dream. We're really lucky, aren't we?" Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Push the gray brick in the back of the fireplace."
"No! No! Help me! Help!" Moe Szyslak responded.
"Where do you think you're goin'?" Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said "Whatever!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Our lives are in the hands of men no smarter than you or I. Many of them, incompetent boobs. I know this because I have worked along side them, gone bowling with them, watched them pass me over for promotions time and again. And I say, this stinks!"
"Ooh, ooh, ooh, pick him! Pick him!" Homer Simpson replied.
"But Wikipedia said he was passionate about rehearsal." Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "Well, I also have a song to sing!"
"What the Hell is this?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Certainly, Lenford. Make every day a celebration of your love. Surprise her with a pasta salad! Put a mini-beret on your wang!" Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "I'm one of your nephews you don't see very often. Bart-Bart."
"Good, I want you to pick up all this medical waste that's washed up on the shore here.", Seymour Skinner answered.
"Come with me." Moe Szyslak answered.
"Nice to have you back, Homer.", Bart Simpson said.
"Homer! Turn off that horrible machine!", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "I don't think so -- his travel neck pillow's gone from its pedestal..."
Ned Flanders responded: "Why don't you just call out for Hawk Man?"
Bart Simpson responded "The man asked a question."
Lisa Simpson answered "Mom, why don't I have any friends?"
Marge Simpson responded "Bart, you have roots in this town and you ought to show respect for it. This town is a part of us all, a part of us all, a part of us all. Sorry to repeat myself but it'll help you remember."
"Do you know where she is?" Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Run along, Pee-Wee. Baby gets nothing."
Bart Simpson replied: "Oh, thank God. I thought I broke two off."
"Gotta win a T-shirt. Gotta win a T-shirt.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Charles, please -- your son might see this." Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "And shot you out of a cannon."
"Who's president now, Alexander Hamilton?", Homer Simpson said.
"Shut up, brain! I got friends now. I don't need you anymore. Duh, yeah, I'd love to go to your house." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Hmmm. I will run for Mayor!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Well I'll be damned."
"And while on Ventnor Avenue you'll be staying at the fabulous Hotel Lisa. A valet will be around shortly to park your thimble. Of course, there is the unpleasant matter of the bill." Lisa Simpson said.
"All right!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Otto, you can't just sit there watching TV all day." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "I can't tell you how sorry I am, Dad."
"Good, let's get to work. Me and Nelson will build the treehouse. Martin, draw up plans for a coconut radio and, if possible, a coconut Nintendo system." Bart Simpson said.
"That's it! I want a snake!", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Don't worry, boy. We're gonna set you straight. By tomorrow morning, you'll be a regular Burt Reynolds."
"My Joe isn't sloppy enough!", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, hey, hey. Family, family, come here. I have an announcement to make. The Simpsons have cable."
"I was? But I love the swing." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Stop it! No one was planned! Now, we have to pack for Great-Uncle Tyrone's birthday tomorrow. In Dayton!"
Lisa Simpson: "Your snoring is disturbing the dancers."
Lisa Simpson responded "Bart, are you all right? Bart?"
Seymour Skinner: "Behold -- our new state-of-the-art weapon in the global war against misbehavior!"
Lisa Simpson answered "You said his name two seconds ago."
Homer Simpson answered: "C'mon, Maggie. Let's go home."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Are you sure you want me to be your doubles partner?"
"We knew you could do it!", Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson: "I did, until we came here last year."
Homer Simpson replied "I will get you one now!"
"Now I'll just add water to these ashes and bring my mother back to life." Homer Simpson responded.
"And ca-lick!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, I'm sorry I was gone so long. But I'm gonna do something I haven't done for twenty years -- take out the trash.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Bart, I'd be delighted to go on your trip with you!", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "Dad! Push exit!"
Seymour Skinner replied "Hmm?"
"It's Patty, chump!", Homer Simpson responded.
"This family needs a live wire, but it's just not me." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "I threw you a party at my house."
Marge Simpson replied: "We have to take in Mr. Brockman -- he wouldn't be in this mess if you hadn't dumped coffee on his lap."
"You're not mild-mannered. You're often liquored-up and rude." Lisa Simpson answered.
"So how come we have all these other keys?" Lisa Simpson replied.
"I said we were having a special guest tonight -- Mr. Tim Conway.", Marge Simpson said.
"What any boy would: push you in a puddle and run away." Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "Ohhhhhh. That's brilliant, Professor! What will you think of next?"
Homer Simpson replied: "I WANT CANDY!"
Bart Simpson answered: "That's not for five hours!"
"Okay people, let's keep this short. We all want to get home to our families.", Homer Simpson answered.
"I gotta go -- he's my ride." Bart Simpson responded.
"Man, that was a good Apron Expo.", Homer Simpson said.
"Stop it, Apu. You're scaring me." Homer Simpson answered.
"Now, how 'bout the neck of my butt..." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Aren't you coming with me?"
Homer Simpson answered: "How many magic beans should I sell the baby for? Three? Duh, der, duh. That's me, jerk-ass Homer. Duh, der, doy."
"Yes. We'll be back by three. Homer has a very tight nap schedule.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Foam wasn't spilt in a day.", Homer Simpson responded.
"It's all yours.", Marge Simpson answered.
"I don't know.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Hey man, cool crash. Way to cheat death." Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "Huh?"
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "We do indeed, old friend. We do indeed."
"Every good booger deserves flicking." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Woo hoo! Oh, Marge, that's great news!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Man, this town's got everything!"
Marge Simpson answered: "Yeah, right."
"Oh, let's get that.", Homer Simpson said.
"What did he do in the future?", Marge Simpson replied.
"Bart knew the worst thing to do was pile lie upon lie, and that's exactly what he did.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Roman Numerals. They never even tried to teach us that in school.", Bart Simpson answered.
"When I think begging, I don't imagine someone standing up." Bart Simpson said.
"CBS." Homer Simpson said.
"But they're incompatible!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Really? How?"
Marge Simpson responded "It's about time Mr. Burns found a woman. I can't stand to see a man single."
"Why bother?", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Congressman.", Lisa Simpson said.
"And I refuse to concede a mind that thinks so much like mine can be all bad. Mom?", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "About a zillionth as much as I love Krusty."
Homer Simpson: "It's a flower."
"Well at least it's a good place to see celebrities.", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded: "We're throwing the brunch!"
Marge Simpson answered "I think Bart and Lisa are feeling a little upset right now. Isn't there something you'd like to say?"
"I wear short shorts!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Could get hurt. Could. There's a chance they won't."
Bart Simpson replied "Yes they were! But now they won't be! Because I don't have a mini-bike!"
Moe Szyslak responded: "Bye bye!"
C. Montgomery Burns said "Oh, I think you will. You see, I've just sold the Li'l Lisa Recycling Plant for 120 million dollars!"
"Whyyy, oh whyyy... Delilahhh?" Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Hocus-croakus!"
"I 'unno. I guess I was just a horrible son and no mother would want me." Homer Simpson responded.
"Marge, I did it! I found Lincoln's gold!", Homer Simpson said.
"It's Raining Men?" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "We got one?"
"You what?!", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Well, actually, you did..."
"Hello! Hello? Anybody home? Hello?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "That's a great idea. We'll swim in the ocean."
"Uh oh, school bus! Gotta go.", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Whoa! This place has everything! Even a shoplifting department."
Ned Flanders answered "But I think if we hold off for a while, you'll find I'm well worth the wait. Like a mild cheddar I get tangy when I'm sittin' on the shelf."
Seymour Skinner responded "Trolls live under bridges -- the school should be under a bridge! The Brooklyn Bridge!"
Bart Simpson said "I didn't take it."
"Well, it is a good life, believe me... All right, we'll give it a shot. I'll deal with those murderous trolls." Homer Simpson responded.
"You made your own breakfast?" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Yes, it won't give!"
"Yes'm." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Flimsy? This gentle pat says different."
"No, no, no -- save your energy. Eh, eh -- don't try to talk.", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Methinks I shan't.", Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Yeah. Now what am I supposed to do?"
"Crunchy shell, ground beef, lettuce, mild sauce... and of course, shredded cheddar cheese!", Seymour Skinner replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Ray, will you help me fix my roof?"
"The Homer Times?" Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "I think they want us to stop."
"We'll hide out at my place. I've got beer.", Homer Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner said: "You got a perfect score!"
"I just did that because it was a series of funny words!" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Dad, you can't do this. Stampy is my friend."
"Wha--? Mom is gonna love that!", Lisa Simpson replied.
"There's a form to extend your health insurance on my desk.", Seymour Skinner responded.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Bart, who's winning?"
"But you and Willie will drown!" Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "Now listen, your father really needs to concentrate. So we'll just stay here and not disturb him."
Homer Simpson said "Boi-oi-oi-oinggg!"
Bart Simpson replied: "An' oi'll talk like 'is. Bob's yer uncle, mate."
Seymour Skinner answered: "Send him in."
"I haven't seen you in school before.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Way to go, Dad." Lisa Simpson replied.
"That's right, Ned." Homer Simpson said.
"What would you know about friends like Diggs?" Bart Simpson responded.
"That does sound like Homer.", Marge Simpson said.
"I'm glad I'm back! Because the moment that sweet, sweet beer hit my tongue, I was born again!", Homer Simpson answered.
"There's no sex like fugitive sex." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Okay, it's probably the tag. But just to be sure..."
Bart Simpson replied "I'm telling her!"
"Uh, you look tense. Let's discuss this over a cup of Grampa's coffee.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "Please stop eating that. God's gonna furious."
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Lisa, do you have a question you would like to ask your Uncle Montgomery?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Y'know, Marge, I've had my share of troubles but sitting here now with you and the kids, in our cozy home in this beautiful, free country, it just makes me feel that I'm really a lucky guy."
"You mean Hawaii?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Oh, it looks like a happy sheep.", Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "Grampa! You have a job?"
"Bye, Herb." Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "Dad? Dad?"
"You're from Collier's magazine, aren't you? Are you going to put me in Star Snoop?", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Dad, is that story really true?"
"... And that's how my beautiful wife brought our son Bart into the world." Homer Simpson responded.
"Just go play your saxophone while you can.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh. Oh, did you want me to...?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Look guys, everyone's different. Jimbo, you're Christian. Dolph, you're Jewish. And Kearney, your family's in that cult Moe started." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Night... glorious night..."
"Restore my office. Cancel all repairs. And rehire that chap who sassed me in the bar.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "I thought there was some good in everybody until I met him."
Homer Simpson replied "Marge, are we Jewish?"
"What are we watching?" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "Could a kid like me get these boxes? Then use 'em for whatever he wanted?"
"Nooooo!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "No one likes you!"
"That's the same thing! You just replaced dees with doos!" Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "Oh no, Mrs. Krabappel. If I don't get a C average, my Dad won't let me go to Kamp Krusty."
"Nothing. Like many women, I still have an unhealthy obsession with my weight." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "All right, look everybody. I have a confession to make."
"I'm coming, sweetheart!", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Maybe it was once, but now there's lots of better stories..."
Marge Simpson responded "Very nice."
"He tried once, but he got confused and thought the book was real. He's still looking for that chocolate factory. It consumes him.", Lisa Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "All right, Simpson, let's go over the signals."
Marge Simpson responded "Lisa, tell your brother that stealing is wrong, no matter what."
Homer Simpson responded "But, sir, I --"
Seymour Skinner said: "We're still going antiquing on Saturday, right, mother?"
"It's the sound of a go-getter at work, Marge. Look, I installed a key hook so you'll always know where your keys are.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Someone snitched? Wha-wha-wha-wha-what are you gonna do to me?", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered "I knew you had your hands full with the babies, so I baked you some banana bread."
"Oh my God!" Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "Lisa, why aren't you at band practice?"
Marge Simpson answered "Homie, that Kojak is sexier than Cannon and Barnaby Jones put together. I think he looks a little like you."
Homer Simpson responded "No, Marge. Apu convinced me that Proposition 24 is a big mistake."
Homer Simpson replied: "Ugh, gross. Ecch."
"Hey, gang. Okay, Bart, this is the card catalog." Lisa Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "We must be covered by a thousand feet of snow."
Homer Simpson said: "Oh my God. I forgot to feed my jackass!"
Homer Simpson said "Surely some holds are barred."
"Hee hee hee! I can see everything. And they're none the wiser, hee hee hee.", Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders responded "Homer's passing...away."
"You know Lisa, music helps daddy think." Homer Simpson replied.
"Yeah, well... he's wearing that hat like an idiot." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "It's glorious! The streets are paved with water. You could ride a walrus to work!"
Ned Flanders said "If I could give you my heart, Homer, I would."
Marge Simpson: "My daughter's here for her first mani-pedi."
"Don't listen to him, children.", Seymour Skinner responded.
Bart Simpson responded "We're in the middle of the desert..."
Bart Simpson responded "How am I ever gonna get a cell phone?"
Ned Flanders replied "Oh, I will! Till I go to bed and take 'em off under the covers! But come outside and see the miracle!"
"Wanna comb it?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "And it sounds like he has big news!"
"Aren't those full of germs?" Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "I'm so embarrassed. I wish there was a hole I could just crawl into and die."
Marge Simpson answered: "Pierce, that was delicious. Can we help you with the dishes?"
Lisa Simpson replied "Oh, it's just the excitement of studying Jebediah."
"The seven of clubs.", Lisa Simpson said.
"I can't see!" Bart Simpson responded.
"He smells worse than anything! Hey, you! Elephant! Lift me up on your back, man." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "This old attic's kinda spooky, isn't it boy. I said, isn't it, boy?"
Bart Simpson responded "Police officer? Well, I'll be jiggered."
Homer Simpson answered "No tip till they bring back Hagar the Horrible!"
Lisa Simpson said "Oh, no! We came during Spring Break!"
"Here you go, kids. Special lunches. Lots of good things for growing bodies and some treats just for fun.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh Homie, don't worry. I'm sure you'll come up with a great idea.", Marge Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak replied: "Where'd it go? Where'd it go? Hey, Chief Wiggum! Can you help me find my bar rag?"
"It's about time. We've been making small talk about Mussolini for fifteen minutes." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "Dad, do you have any idea what's gotten into Maggie?"
Marge Simpson answered: "Ohhh! Give yourself up, Homie!"
"Uh, this isn't gonna be about Jesus, is it?", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "Mom, Dad, help! He's trying to kill me!"
Ned Flanders responded: "It sure did-diddly-id."
"Hep! Hep! Lisa! My ungue is stuck in the eater. Hep-hep!", Bart Simpson replied.
"Fellow citizens! How would you rate the trash service in this town?" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Prep, prep, prep..."
Homer Simpson replied "Oh, Lisa, it's just war games. It's not like a game could hurt me."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Are you insane?"
"Alcatraaaz is wide spread! I'm talkin' da junk!" Bart Simpson said.
"You don't understand... my son just threw his red hat in with the white laundry...", Homer Simpson said.
"Sorry, honey, mommy went crazy...And went far, far away..." Homer Simpson said.
"Well... you know... you like ice cream, don't you?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Heavens, no!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "I'll right-side you!"
Homer Simpson: "Just a minute!"
Homer Simpson replied "You know, when you glare like that you look really beautiful."
"Uh-huh." Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered "That won't help, Dad. No one's ever going to believe me."
Bart Simpson replied: "And where did they land?"
"I've left Homer.", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "Oh, so many souls, so little air time."
"W,X,Y, AND Z / NOW I KNOW MY ABC'S / WON'T YOU COME AND PLAY WITH ME?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Wait, Homer. What did you just say?" Ned Flanders replied.
Seymour Skinner responded "Oh don't worry, she'll hear about this."
"All right, will you... Hey, go protest outside will ya, now!." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Seriously Moe, I think you have a gift."
"Mother Simpson, we'd like to ask you a few questions about your past." Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "I understand. I'll just read a magazine."
"Sold!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Okay, stop here, please." Moe Szyslak responded.
"And what time? Would be a good time to see it?", Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner said "Ah, yes. Last year... anyway, look. Here comes our guide for the day, Postmaster Bill."
"Nooooooo! My sugar is melting! Melting! Oh what a world!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Please sir, we've been thrown out of a place we've always called home. We just wanna live out our lives in peace.", Marge Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Put Winston in the front."
"My old dorm room. Come on, baby, let's matriculate.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Au revoir."
Lisa Simpson: "Larry Flynt? Larry Flynt? Larry Flynt? Larry Flynt? Larry Flynt? Larry Flynt?"
"No one has ever asked me that before in my life.", Marge Simpson said.
"Please, Homer. Can't we try it?" Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "You looked!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Aw, all these new superheroes suck. None of them can hold a candle to Radioactive Man."
Homer Simpson: "Oh, bless you!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Mmmm, pie pants."
Homer Simpson replied "That is a very immature attitude, young man."
Lisa Simpson responded "Sideshow Bob used to be Krusty the Clown's sidekick. But in 1990, he framed Krusty for armed robbery and Bart got him put in jail."
Seymour Skinner said: "I am not spazzing out -- I'm using the principle of conservation of angular momentum to turn the container."
Marge Simpson answered "The National Grammar Rodeo! I wish I were going. Oh, wait, wait -- I mean, I wish I was going. Is that right, Bart?"
Homer Simpson said "Those were my friends?!"
Marge Simpson responded: "Can I top you off, hon?"
"If I'm not having sex by the end of this goat-cheese quesadilla, I'm gonna scream." Marge Simpson said.
"Hello?", Marge Simpson said.
"You hang onto resentment like a Confederate widow.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, no! I couldn't eat another bite. Dispose of all this. I did, however, save room for your special pumpkin pie." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"No, there's a middle ground.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Whoa! Save something for your wedding night." Marge Simpson answered.
"Fine, whatever." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "I can't go back to jail! There's no shampoo, just soap!"
"Ew, that's me in the future?", Bart Simpson answered.
"Kids blow up so fast.", Homer Simpson said.
"No time for jokes, Smithers! Come along. We're going womanizing." C. Montgomery Burns said.
"No, I like to save the environment in my own way." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "Why can I remember everyone in town except my husband?"
"I can't! Latkes aren't as good as American pancakes.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Hey what gives? I thought you had a satellite dish." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Yes, technically it's you. But like I said, people change and--"
"What, 'cause they rented a van and taped an antenna to the top?" Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "C'mon, man. What's the catch?"
Bart Simpson replied: "They took the bait. Let's go."
Homer Simpson said "Yeah, but in what ratio?"
Marge Simpson responded: "Oh, thanks."
Homer Simpson responded "Hi honey, how are you?"
Homer Simpson answered: "I'll save you, Lisa!"
"ROLL IN HAY!", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "I am so gonna try out for that!"
Lisa Simpson: "Although I am aware you are looking at me, I would look exactly the same even if you weren't."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Dad, you sabotaged Cameron for me!"
"Hey boy.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Bosom!"
Bart Simpson responded "Well, what are you gonna do with us, man?"
Homer Simpson: "Lower. Lower!"
Bart Simpson replied: "I don't, but I hope you win."
Homer Simpson responded: "The pig?"
"Lisa, you got a letter.", Marge Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner said: "Oh now Mr. Glasscock, please reconsider."
"Oh... uh... uh... bird watching.", Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "This skirt has a small splatter..."
"Honey, what's done is done. No matter what happens, we'll pull through. We always do." Marge Simpson said.
"What was that -- national anthem?", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "I like your attitude. Take what you need."
Marge Simpson said "Come on, Maggie, let's try and find the enormous pendulum."
Bart Simpson answered: "Right on!"
"Heard what?" Bart Simpson responded.
"Sorry, honey. I'm just a little nervous." Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Nonsense! Dogs are idiots. Think about it, Smithers. If I came into your house and started sniffing at your crotch and slobbering all over your face, what would you say?"
Bart Simpson said: "I'm alive! All patched up! End of story."
Bart Simpson responded: "Mr. Honeybunny! You inhuman monster!"
"Yeah, them gay guys got lots of disposable income. I can serve fancy drinks and charge ten bucks a pop. What's in a martini?" Moe Szyslak said.
"Oh Dad, you do remember something about me. Perhaps you also remember this laser Bart gave me earlier!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner: "Buttman!?"
Lisa Simpson replied "Sorry, dad. This is our spot."
"We better hide.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Raise your right hock. Aerate! Raise your left hock. Aerate! I want to see more Teddy Roosevelts and less Franklin Roosevelts!", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson replied "I learned so much about my family. You'd be surprised how much you hear if you just listen once in a while."
Homer Simpson said "Okay, Lisa. Time for Daddy's big surprise!"
"Fantasy football has turned every man in this town into a trash-talking monster!", Homer Simpson answered.
"'Mornin'...", Homer Simpson answered.
"Furious George! What have they done to your beautiful face?!", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Now Smithers, I need your advice picking out a gift for a very dear friend of mine. A single fellow, a bit quiet, but one with a warm loyal heart."
Homer Simpson: "Yes, once."
Homer Simpson said "Got it."
Homer Simpson replied "Bonded?! How many times?"
Lisa Simpson said: "Bart's pain is funny, but mine isn't. That saxophone was my one creative outlet. It was the only way I could truly express myself."
Homer Simpson said: "Y'ello... Oh, hi Marge..."
Bart Simpson: "This won't even cover the vig on what I owe!"
"...and then they gave me back my 500 dollar investment and kicked me out of the club.", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded "My family tried to trick me into celebrating Christmas!"
"I prefer to egg him on. Hey Dad, has the movie started yet?", Bart Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders replied: "Well, sir, I hate to be a Suspicious Aloysius on you, but did you steal my air conditioner?"
Bart Simpson answered: "Cool!"
"Yep, it'll do that." Homer Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner: "Did she, uh, get my flowers?"
Moe Szyslak answered: "But it's illegal! You can't run a bar in a private residence."
"Mr. Moe, prepare to surface." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "See, son? Telling the truth isn't so bad."
"This is so hard!" Lisa Simpson said.
"So, Mindy? How did you want to pay me the hundred and fifty million?", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said: "Happy Mother's Day."
"And tip." Moe Szyslak responded.
"Forget about him. Let's rehearse the bottle scene!", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Shouldn't we be out there trying to find her?"
Homer Simpson responded: "How dare you challenge my perceptions of what old people can do?"
"Now Doctor, I want you to test me for everything. Every disease on this chart." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"I really hate to be a snitch.", Ned Flanders said.
"Start inhalin', Waylon.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "So Milhouse walks into the bedroom, and there's his Mom and Dad going..."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Taught Stampy any tricks yet, Bart?"
Bart Simpson answered: "I'm filled with rue!"
Bart Simpson responded "At the same time a local train traveling thirty miles an hour and carrying forty passengers leaves Phoenix bound for Santa Fe."
Homer Simpson answered: "High-quality Spanish language programming."
Marge Simpson answered "Just go. And take your stupid Lhasa Apso with you."
Moe Szyslak said "Oh, I-I'm just thinkin' about a-a great tennis match I saw once. Yeah."
Homer Simpson replied: "Giuseppe, I want you to come out of retirement for the greatest fireworks show of your career."
"Uh-oh. Oh. Why must we preserve America's historic roller coasters?", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "So, Charles, what do you do for a living?"
"So, I guess you can't destroy Earth, since so many of your favorite celebrities live and work there." Marge Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak answered: "Well, at least the tips are good."
Marge Simpson replied "Homer!"
Bart Simpson said "We are not going to let our dog die! And that's IT! Lousy dog-killing sonsa..."
Marge Simpson answered: "How about CompuGlobal HyperMegaNet?"
"Your bees died days ago. These are their angry, mutant descendants. And they're tough enough to live in any environment.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh no. If Marge marries Artie, I'll never be born!" Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it."
"Better than cod?" Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "Homer, you're scaring the children."
"Ah! The last peanut - overflowing with the oil and salt of its departed brothers.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Marge, no indulgence of mine ever becomes a habit."
"Yeah, I'll have the smiley-face breakfast special." Homer Simpson replied.
"Sir Elton, my noble friends and I would like to dub you a Knight of the... Grand Concourse.", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "Okay."
"Moe is running off with one of our wives?!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Finished.", Bart Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak said: "He confessed!"
Bart Simpson replied "I gotta get outta here."
"I'm Homer Simpson!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Can I get a phone that plays the Mexican Hat Dance?", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "Lisa... you just poked my feelings. I'm sorry too."
"Come on! Come on!" Bart Simpson answered.
"Hi Marge, hi Santa's Little Helper, hi kid -- hey, that's not Santa's Little Helper.", Homer Simpson said.
"No... No I... It wasn't me... It was it was my wife's, my wife's idea... yeah, yeah... I would never...", Homer Simpson answered.
"MIMI!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Chief... me too.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "Cool..."
"I've never felt more alive!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Moe Szyslak: "Nah, it ain't that."
Bart Simpson said: "Mmmm. Stay here, boy."
Bart Simpson answered: "Whoa-ho-ho!"
Marge Simpson responded "Homie! You're all right!"
Bart Simpson responded "I want to avenge you, but I don't know how."
Marge Simpson responded "So you think she has talent?"
Marge Simpson responded "Well, lobster or no lobster, this is still a very special dinner. Ba-da da-da da-daaa!"
"So no one can see what you're doing." Bart Simpson replied.
"Dad, I'm freezing." Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "You're not even listening to me!"
"What's the point of getting rid of all the distractions at home, if I have to do my learning here?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Does anybody want my opinion?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Now you, boy!"
"Oh my God! Lenny! Carl! Bart?" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "Stiffed 'em?"
"Boy, seeing that stomach surgery made me hungry! Marge, we need five thousand CC's of snacks, stat!" Homer Simpson answered.
"At five-fifteen an hour, it would take an eternity to make my fortune back -- and FICA wasn't helping." C. Montgomery Burns said.
"You'll have to raise my allowance to about a thousand dollars a week." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Come on, buddy. Just make a champion thoroughbred and we're outta here."
"I always thought the Pringles Man had the kindest eyes.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "I wish. Son, the best way to explain this is to show you some age-inappropriate movies."
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh my God."
Marge Simpson said "I need a vacation."
Homer Simpson said "My back! It hurts, and not in a good way!"
"Uh-oh. Girls. You guys need your cootie shots.", Bart Simpson said.
"...two.", Bart Simpson said.
"Lamentably, no. My gastronomic rapacity knows no satiety." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "Boat ride!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Oof."
Marge Simpson responded: "Homer, don't you see? Our differences are only skin-deep..."
"How could he? He's only ten minutes old.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Well, dad, here's my report card. I think you'll be pleasantly surprised.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Oh, really? Well, if you'll excuse me, I've got some civilization to spread like butter on the English muffin that is these people, with all their little nooks and crannies..." Homer Simpson said.
"No-ho-ho..." Lisa Simpson answered.
"I don't like your attitude, you water-cooler dictator. What do you have in that secret government file, anyway? I have a right to read it.", Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Oh, hey ho, men. You know I was watching the DuMont last night and I happened to catch a fascinating documentary on Rommel, the Desert Fox. Now there's a man who could get things done."
"I'm more than okay! I am the Messiah, come to save the world! Look upon me and shudder!", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "I've got tow dough I'm lookin' to blow, Moe!"
"French. What a coincidence. Just the subject I'm having trouble with." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "Dad, this just isn't working."
Marge Simpson answered: "I didn't give your son charity. I gave him self-respect."
Homer Simpson said "Oh, baby!"
"Must... get to ballet...", Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Oh, you'll get yours."
Homer Simpson said: "Now what?"
Bart Simpson said: "No, you're imagining things."
Moe Szyslak responded: "I got it. I got it. Apu musta hired him to sing for Manjula."
"So it would seem. Anyhoo, I'll bet this is all a pretty big surprise, huh? Mild-mannered Homer Simpson...", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "I know a place where no one in town will see us."
Homer Simpson said "Uh, gimme a second, I'm in the bathroom."
Homer Simpson responded "I could sit in the aisle."
"Hey Selma, want some rice?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Can you give me the morphine forever?", Homer Simpson said.
"That takes care of those three -- want to go for a lakeside snuggle?", Homer Simpson said.
"No! Wait! Wait! Madam, I run a house of discipline. The boy will be disciplined, and disciplined severely. Good day." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "Where have you been? We have mirrors to hang!"
Homer Simpson answered "Taking care of some unfinished business."
Marge Simpson said "Homer! We're not in high school."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Yeah?"
"Are you still here? Go pay for that!" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"The caper is writing a kids' fantasy novel." Homer Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders answered: "Y'know, Simpson, I feel kinda silly, but what the hay... you know, it kinda reminds me of my good ole' fraternity days."
"We got out of it just in time.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Look, Bart. It almost killed me, but I hand-crafted all seventy-five characters from Oliver Twist. And now the coup de grace - a bitter snowstorm." Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "Withdrawn."
"I TAKE A WHISKEY DRINK / I TAKE A CHOCOLATE DRINK / AND WHEN I HAVE TO PEE / I USE THE KITCHEN SINK / I SING THE SONG THAT REMINDS ME I'M A URINATING GUY!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Do I smell cookies? Where's the cookies?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh Bart, I've missed you so much." Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh my God! You look like a dorky version of me!", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded "Wait, this might be the answer we're looking for."
"Love you!" Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "Oh, knock it off, Homer. You're the fattest one in the car..."
Marge Simpson responded: "That poor man. We've got to do something to change his life."
Homer Simpson said: "Bo-ring."
"Don't say that! Maybe I can sneak you back in. I mean, God can't be everywhere at once, right?" Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "Ow! The ol' hot spoon. But why?"
"It's upstairs in my Disappointment Closet." Marge Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner: "I'll... I'll... I'll go get him right now. Car keys, car keys, car keys."
"Oh-ho, confused, would we?", Homer Simpson said.
"No! No! It wasn't me! I would never do anything like that. It was just one of those immature people who, instead of building themselves up --", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Unless what?"
"Dare I say it? Yippee!", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Close the gate, Maggie."
Marge Simpson: "Easy, easy. Stick with the plan."
Homer Simpson responded "Would you have to do extra work?"
Lisa Simpson replied: "Cletus, I had to stop you exploiting the children, so I sent her an e-mail."
"Homie, did you close the gate?" Marge Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns said "Stop laying about, you! There's work to be done."
C. Montgomery Burns responded "They were getting too grabby! All right, I know how to change the way the public thinks of me: I'll buy every media outlet in town. Bring me a checkbook and a mother mole!"
"Oh my God!" Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "I doubt it -- Friday is usually just committee assignments and procedural rules."
"Not to mention hilarious." Bart Simpson said.
"Oh, Marge. What's the big deal? I bet before the papers blew this out of proportion, you didn't even know how many eyes a fish had.", Homer Simpson responded.
"I can't believe you told Lenny and Carl they could bring dates! 'Cause they're not even coming to the wedding!", Marge Simpson said.
"Put 'er there, muddy buddy.", Ned Flanders answered.
"Never fear, the cosmic fool is here to blow the lid off your conformist, button-down world!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Ah, my lucky red hat. Clean as a whistle!" Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Wha?"
Bart Simpson replied "Please please please please please please please. All right!"
"How is that possible?", Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "I'm gonna pour caramel on my clothes. And then, finally, I can eat my shorts."
"We're building homes for the homeless.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "Wake up Bart, rise and shine, little guy. Time to wake up."
Homer Simpson replied "Oh, he's perfect now, is he?"
"What?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Don't think about beer... Don't think about beer... Don't think about beer..."
"All right. Hit the change of venue button. Now!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Tough day at school, boy?" Homer Simpson said.
"That elephant ate my entire platoon. Well, I'm not gonna let it happen again." Seymour Skinner responded.
"I'm sorry. What?", Homer Simpson responded.
"I am so sorry, Homie. How is your crushed pelvis?", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "It's not just a bug, it's the queen of something!"
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "It doesn't matter what your name is, you idiot! What I want to know is: will you help me get my money back?"
"Spud taught me that." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "I got it, Dad."
"Do you do it with relish?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Everywhere I look, someone is breaking the law. Dog, no leash. Man littering. Horse not wearing diaper. Car parked across three handicapped spaces...", Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied "So, this is your mysterious new job for Mr. Burns?"
"Okay, that didn't work. But I know something that will..." Homer Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak replied "Oh, the heat's been on since them Bush girls were in here."
Lisa Simpson responded: "What would you say if I told you Jebediah Springfield wasn't as great as he's cracked up to be? Look."
"Excuse me, do you sell ponies?", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Meet me at the back door!"
Homer Simpson responded: "What are you, a travel agent? 'Cause you're sending me on a guilt trip."
"Make the walls bleed." Bart Simpson answered.
"You mean you made a bet?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"And I'll admit, it is kinda romantic under the sea." Marge Simpson answered.
"Oops.", Homer Simpson answered.
"I have a plan to get to the top, but I have to do some pretty rotten things to get there. I'm not sure I could look at myself in the mirror, or any highly-polished metal.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Why you little...", Homer Simpson replied.
"THEN ALL THE REINDEER LOVED HIM / AS THEY SHOUTED OUT WITH GLEE / RUDOLPH THE RED NOSED REINDEER / YOU'LL GO DOWN IN HISTORY...", Lisa Simpson replied.
"I wonder how long this tunnel..." Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, man, you are so right. Did you ever sit like this?", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Maybe for you. How come you didn't rescue me?"
Marge Simpson answered: "Goodbye, my special, my special little guy. You will write us, won't you?"
"Oh. I see how it is.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Principal Skinner!" Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "They are, huh?"
Homer Simpson said "It's a state-of-the-art food mash-'em-upper."
"NUZZLE... NECK. With pleasure!", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "What's goin' on? Is this a joke?"
"I bet it's worth a million bucks!", Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "What's wrong?"
Moe Szyslak said "Aaah, it burns!"
"Three it is! You're the teacher, and I accept your decision.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Yes, ma'am." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Femme."
"Now to make a young woman's wedding day all about me!", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "Mm, hm."
Marge Simpson answered "Homer? Homer!"
"Shove it." Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Well, Grampa Simpson then."
Homer Simpson answered: "But how can you afford something like this, Ned? I get your mail once in a while... you make only twenty-seven dollars a week more than I do."
Homer Simpson answered "Sir --"
Bart Simpson said "Uh, oh. A cold wind!"
"Amen.", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "Oh, I'd give anything to go to that show!"
"I've called you all here because I need some honest answers. What is my current financial situation?" C. Montgomery Burns said.
Lisa Simpson said: "This is my test subject, Francine."
"Ohh...kids have been doing that one since my day.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Dad?!", Bart Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Smithers... you must believe!"
Homer Simpson said "Uh, oh."
Homer Simpson: "Can I be Johnny Undercover?"
Marge Simpson answered: "I'll cut to the chase. I brought with me the very best reason I can think of for what I believe in."
Homer Simpson said: "Oh, don't make me choose."
"I liked when I threw the pudding." Homer Simpson said.
"Late-'90s model...coffee stains on front seat...", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Thanks, Marge. But don't forget, there's still gonna be a civil suit."
Bart Simpson said: "Maggie! The red button... Hit the red button!"
"Oh, come on, Lisa. I'm just glad to see him fall flat on his butt. He's usually all happy and comfortable and surrounded by loved ones, and it makes me feel... What's the opposite of that shameful joy thing of yours?" Homer Simpson said.
"Hm, all I need is one classic character..." Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said "You're a hologram, aren't you?"
Lisa Simpson answered "No, it's great! Except for the bee!"
"Nah, I'll just walk it off.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Did you see that?" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Pushy sign! Don't tell me what to try!"
Homer Simpson: "Listen to me! This whole building is unsafe. They cut corners everywhere. People, it's a death trap!"
"Kids, it's time we told you the true story and put your fears to rest. It's a story of murder and revenge from beyond the grave." Marge Simpson said.
"Better start eating, kid.", Seymour Skinner answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "I left a few helpful notes around the house..."
Ned Flanders replied: "I've gone from lookie-loo to talkie-too."
Homer Simpson said: "What did you just see?"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Very good."
"Tonight, we invite both Manjula and Apu for dinner, but we don't tell them the other one's coming.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "So much violence on the surface world. I'm going back."
"I'd like that very much.", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Stomp that pickle revert!"
"Yes!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Homer..." Marge Simpson answered.
"I USED TO THINK THAT I WAS STUPID, WORTHLESS, WEAK, AND WRONG" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Yes, sir.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Great. And now my Dad can notarize."
"That plane crashed on my property!", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Oh, I don't get the job, do I? Well, boo-hoo, I don't get to be a cartoon dog.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Wait a minute... windswept hair, rugged tan, rough, calloused hands. You're enjoying this, aren't you?"
"Gee, Dad. Way to hog my last moments." Homer Simpson answered.
"Dad, I'm calling about the school talent show." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Rock and Roll! Woo hoo!" Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "Gee, I'm sorry mister."
"Oh, you don't want to wait for that buffet -- Wiggum's making his move!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Yo, Lenny... ...do you know anything about... flying the blimp while drinking...", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "No! Come on!"
Marge Simpson responded: "So they need to explore new ways to express their love."
Homer Simpson said: "Cincinnati."
Moe Szyslak: "Eeww!"
"And he taught me how to do this." Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "I am. You're on a Bluetooth cell phone, the most vulnerable device known to man."
"Lisa, I wanna pass that test, but I need your help.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Cobras! Cobras!"
"Ronaldo?! Winner of two World Cups and three FIFA player of the year awards?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Sir, I studied under Ed McMahon!" Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied: "You're T.R. Francis! You wrote the Angelica Button books! They're my favorite fantasy novels!"
"Bullseye! And another thing. When I gun the motor, I want people to think the world is coming to an end! VROOM! VROOM! VROOM!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "They're just drones, Lisa. They only live for like five minutes anyway. And they only have haploid cells, not diploid like me and Bart."
"Children, get your coats. We're leaving this house right now.", Marge Simpson responded.
"This counts as that." Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Everyone knows you're faking it, Bart."
Homer Simpson: "Oh I'm sorry, Maggie, but even at your age, I'm sure you understand things can't always go your way, and that's why... I can't believe we didn't get that stupid elf!"
"Set 'em up again!", Bart Simpson said.
"All that's left are clever last words.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Hmm. Fabulous house. Well-behaved kids. Sisters-in-law dead. Luxury sedan. Woo hoo! I hit the jackpot. Marge, dear. Would you kindly pass me a donut?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Um, is this the chair I'll be sitting on?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Wow. Can I do that?"
"I'unno." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Thanks, Noodles."
"Maybe you'd feel better if we watched some TV together." Homer Simpson responded.
"Yeah, I hope I can grow some like that." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Barney?"
"I got this for women that came to the bar, and Low-Blow Boxing for the guys." Moe Szyslak answered.
Lisa Simpson said: "We had a good run."
Marge Simpson answered "I think Mel would be happier as an understudy. A six-feet-understudy."
Lisa Simpson replied "All due respect, Mr. Flanders, could I have a little privacy?"
"See me again tomorrow?" Seymour Skinner said.
"Hi, Janey... Branford Marsalis' car broke down outside your house? And he's just jamming 'til Wynton shows up? Oh...", Lisa Simpson said.
"Are you gonna open it?" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Woo hoo! In your face, Bush! Now apologize for the tax hike."
Homer Simpson: "Yes... but I've got a friend who owes me a solid."
"Do you want to play a little?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner replied: "Simpson!"
"So, another Friday is upon us. What'll you be doing, Smithers? Something gay, no doubt.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Wow! Look how far I climbed! And I'm not even tired!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Ah, face it, Bart. Our salvation isn't just gonna roll by on the Back of some stupid truck.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Shush! Shut up! Quit trying to push us around. Stop saying those horrible things and show some manners.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Justice is not a frivolous thing, Simpson. It has little, if anything, to do with a disobedient whale. Now let's vote.", Seymour Skinner responded.
"I don't know, but whoever's in there is taking their sweet old time." Lisa Simpson responded.
"I hope you all brought forks and plates!" Bart Simpson answered.
"One that's made: entirely out of syrup.", Bart Simpson responded.
"There she is!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Wait a minute, Xena can't fly.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "Let's go, Homer."
Bart Simpson replied: "Au revoir, suckers."
"Increased job satisfaction and family togetherness are poison for a purveyor of mind-numbing intoxicants like myself." Moe Szyslak responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Look at the new kid, hoggin' the teeter-totter. It's like she owns the place."
"And the castrati?" Homer Simpson replied.
"I hope Burns and I can count on your support, honey." Homer Simpson said.
"If we can forgive Carl for stealing our lottery winnings, maybe youse can find it in youse's hearts to forgive his ancestors." Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Oh good."
Homer Simpson said "That's it, Moe. This is just too weird. You are not allowed to see Maggie anymore."
Homer Simpson: "Look, I understand that you're mad. Which makes now the perfect time to tell you the mayor's hired us to fix the old Springfield roller coaster."
"Why you... I'm gonna... Maybe this time...", Homer Simpson said.
"Red card!", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Dad, did it ever occur to you that we're learning how to take care of you when you're older by watching the way you treat Grampa?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Have you tried checking the oil filter?"
"Don't tell me how many times to think!", Homer Simpson replied.
"This is a whole new relationship for us! We'll be friends! In this life and the next!" Ned Flanders replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Wow, it must be expensive to produce all these cartoons."
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Go! Go!"
"A Buddhist wouldn't want any.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Stupid, non-magical son, can't pay to fix my car." Homer Simpson said.
"Nope." Seymour Skinner replied.
Marge Simpson said "I got them fair and square and I kept my dignity. Not like Janey's mom."
Marge Simpson said "Oh, I might be able to help you..."
Homer Simpson answered: "Just looking for the bathroom."
Bart Simpson said: "Woo! All hands on deck! Pirates off the port bow! Hey!"
"Okily dokily.", Ned Flanders said.
Bart Simpson replied: "A Zephyr?"
Marge Simpson said: "Oh that's sweet. Guess what. There's a new place at the mall - they'll put your picture on a T-shirt. I got two dollars off because mine got smeared."
Marge Simpson answered: "Don't worry, kids. Your father'll be okay, as long as he's with those Sherpas."
Homer Simpson: "That's okay. I got 'em."
C. Montgomery Burns replied "What? No! With my last ounce of strength I sucked out my gold fillings and swallowed them. Those paramedics have sticky fingers."
"Hm. I brought you a tuna sandwich. They say it's brain food. I guess because there's so much dolphin in it, and you know how smart they are.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Look everybody! My purse exploded!" Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Mom! Bart's flicking boogers on me!"
"We never had a problem with a family member we can give away before.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Everyone loves you, Dad. You could become a famous rock star!"
Homer Simpson answered: "All right, you, gimme back my phone, and nobody gets hurt."
"Oh. Well then, carry on." Homer Simpson replied.
"I'm sorry, honey. The waffle iron's in the shop.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Good, you do that."
Bart Simpson responded: "What have I done?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Man, how'd I live without this thing?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Is this her?"
Homer Simpson responded "Oh sure... Remember when I got caught stealing all those watches from Sears?"
"What do we do?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Now Bart, you keep an eye out for the mailman. Just give me some kind of signal." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Oh, yes we are!"
Bart Simpson: "And?"
"Outta my way, you God-fearing Buckleheads!", Homer Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner replied "Now what is this all about?"
Homer Simpson answered: "You'll do as I say or I'll have your badges. Once I make and give you your badges."
Homer Simpson replied "Wow, never had breakfast at six in the morning before."
"No, cash.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Sixteen.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Larry Flynt is right! You guys stink!"
"Marge, we can't do that! All the kids'll call him Larry Fairy.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Bart's growing up without me. He won't be ten forever.", Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns: "So Simpson, I hear you like pizza pie."
"Run!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Sushi? Hey, maybe this is just one of those things you hear on the playground... but, isn't that raw fish?", Bart Simpson said.
"You?", Bart Simpson responded.
"We can't have a space creature living in our house.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "That my family isn't the center of my universe? Are you nuts?"
Marge Simpson replied: "Homie! Oooo, Homie... Hey, what happened?"
Moe Szyslak: "Aw crap. I fold."
Homer Simpson said: "Guys, keep it down. I got some last words. I never told you this before, but sometimes when I'm at work, I think of you and smile. So often I think that ... oh, words won't do it. I love you, Moe."
"Out of our way, corn! The starving people of Springfield are desperately in need of our delivery of canned corn, corn flakes, and flash frozen corn nibblets.", Homer Simpson answered.
"What say we take our worthy adversary out for a hot fudge fun-day?" Ned Flanders responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "It's a bottle cap."
Marge Simpson replied "Here you go."
"Simpson, all you have to do is babysit the Princess -- keeping her in this hotel room during the negotiations.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Moe Szyslak responded: "All I see is two million people happier than me."
Bart Simpson responded: "Hey Dad, have fun with your boyfriend."
"Dad, you're just going through a classic oedipal anxiety. You remember the story of Oedipus, don't you?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Mr. Scrooge!"
Homer Simpson said: "What the? Who turned off the wind?"
"How did you know?" Homer Simpson replied.
"I picked my Malibu Stacy hybrid convertible. It runs on her old makeup and out-of-style shoes." Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "Eww, why is Courtney Love on the Wheaties box?"
"Well, it has four digits..." C. Montgomery Burns said.
"S'open!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "It symbolizes that she's my property and I own her."
Lisa Simpson replied "Wait! We're not savages! We live in a society of law. Milhouse has the right to a fair trial!"
Homer Simpson replied "Okay, now to see if I can apply my book knowledge to the real world."
Homer Simpson answered "Aren't you proud of your big sister, Mr. Pinchy? Hmm? Hmm?"
"Deal!", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Did you get that the pony was actually me?"
Bart Simpson replied "Fifteen-ninety-six..."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Oh, no!"
Lisa Simpson answered "No, Maggie! Come here, girl. Come to me."
Ned Flanders: "What?! What is it?!"
"Crazy classroom, bus full of missing kids... I know who'd have some answers. Someone who's been here a long, long time.", Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied "That's cats."
Marge Simpson replied: "You just have to stay there until that psychopathic school inspector makes a surprise visit. You can come home when the heat's off."
"Docetism?", Lisa Simpson said.
"Can I hollow out this one's head and use it as a turtle tank?" Bart Simpson said.
"P.U. When is this over?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Kids, kids, you're both right.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Better call Dr. Hibbert."
"Yes, dear. All you want.", Marge Simpson said.
"Well, you don't have to be sarcastic." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Heh, Rex Banner. What a dope."
"Deal!" Bart Simpson said.
"The lad has a point.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Homie? Aren't you going to come in?" Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "Oh good Lord."
"Go back? But I didn't show you the place where Dave Grohl got mugged.", Moe Szyslak answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Yes, Bart's weird friend."
"Where? Where?!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Maybe when we find something decent to do with this I.D.", Bart Simpson said.
"Dad, what's that on your lap?!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Hyah!", Moe Szyslak said.
Lisa Simpson said: "Good luck, Dad."
Homer Simpson answered: "Five days! But I'm mad now!"
Lisa Simpson said "I can dig it!"
Homer Simpson answered: "That's it! Whew, I'm glad one of us remembered. That could have been embarrassing."
Marge Simpson: "Just do it. Do it. Do it now!"
"Yeah, right. Son... I'm gonna teach you a lesson. I'm going to stand here and watch you smoke every one of those cigarettes. Then maybe you'll learn..." Homer Simpson answered.
"I don't like the looks of this.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oop, I guess I'll just go and watch some cartoons." Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "I just wish there was some way to get back at my Dad."
Lisa Simpson said "Have you found a picture yet?"
"Okay, okay, okay, I'm in!" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Excuse me, is this an orphanage?"
Bart Simpson answered: "I miss him too."
"ALL AROUND THE SOMETHING WORLD," Homer Simpson replied.
"Hey book, are you expecting this?", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Tell her I'm at a meeting, not drinking..."
Marge Simpson responded: "Whatever you want."
Ned Flanders answered: "Sorry, Homer, I'm afraid it's separate accommodations for you notly-weds."
Marge Simpson said "Maybe he's going through... certain changes."
"They revamped this ride because of massive complaints from two people.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Do you see towels? If you see towels, you're probably in the linen closet again." Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "I'll never trust another old person."
Homer Simpson replied "How someone someone abuse their body that way?"
Homer Simpson said: "Oh yes, Lisa, very seriously. Whee."
Homer Simpson answered "Fear not, m'lady! Captain Dash Superstud is here with his small tool!"
Homer Simpson said "A LeatherBuddy! There's no limit to what I can do with this."
"Wow, It looks like an alien headquarters. Couldn't you just see aliens runnin' out of there? Couldn't ya? Hey, wait up." Homer Simpson replied.
"Your father is... resting.", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "What are you gonna do, tell Mom and Dad? They're powerless figureheads."
"Why are you here?" Lisa Simpson said.
"Gee, business stinks tonight. Where's Barney, Lenny, and Carl?", Moe Szyslak replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Mom, you can't send him away! He's a dog, not Grampa!"
Marge Simpson replied: "That's Carl."
Ned Flanders replied "I think we should leave."
Marge Simpson answered "Homer, stop that!"
"Uh-oh.", Bart Simpson said.
"Stupid kids ruin everything." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Or you!"
"Wait! What about Maggie's memories? Surely the innocent soul of a child will redeem mankind.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Wow, tear gas, riot club, police hat..." Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "I won't be happy until I find out what you're up to. Wherever you go and whatever you do, I'll be there watching and waiting."
"Let us outta here!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "I've had it with that school!"
"C'mon, Dad. Let's go.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Aren't those supposed to be confidential?", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Do you ever hide beer around the house?", Marge Simpson said.
"No way." Bart Simpson responded.
"Homer, I have to go out to pick up something for dinner." Marge Simpson said.
"Hm. I guess considering all the training you've received, this is quite reasonable. I've never seen anything so reasonable! It's the bargain of a lifetime! And--" Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "It's so fancy -- sushi bars, a sixty-screen movie theater, museum of tolerance..."
Bart Simpson responded "Dad, maybe you should do this."
Seymour Skinner answered "I don't like your tone."
"Oh, I love legitimate theater." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "I'll teach you to..."
Bart Simpson replied: "Yeah. Hop in, Homer."
"Exactly. Heh, heh.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Uh, that's what we call the gay guy who lives with us." Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "There's the real Milhouse."
Marge Simpson replied: "My love. You saved my life."
"I've realized how much I missed you -- and I can see from this magnificent Lisa statue that you felt the same way.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Sorry, Homer. You'll have to call me a Ray-theist, 'cause I don't believe I saw him." Ned Flanders replied.
"Be cool or you're grounded!", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "Batting nine. Unky, Herbbbb!"
Bart Simpson said: "What about jags?"
"It's in Drugtown. Not the nice part.", Homer Simpson said.
"How long has he been there?", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "Is it your impression of Mr. Burns eating soup? Because I'm not in the mood."
"Exam?!? Oh, this is just like one of those bad dreams." Homer Simpson responded.
"Just appreciating how lucky I am to be with you." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Then that makes me the Jackie Robinson of the sport. And you are the racist Philadelphia manager!"
Homer Simpson replied "It's only the milkman. Hey, maybe I should be a milkman."
Homer Simpson: "Yeah, tell you the truth, I'm not even sure."
Marge Simpson said "Swab? I thought it was a spray."
Homer Simpson: "Huh?"
"Dad, no!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "This car's so clean! I'm not getting flea bites on my ankles!"
Marge Simpson responded "Bart!"
"Aw, jeez. There's always a line." Moe Szyslak responded.
"It's been so many years since I've seen your father. I hope he's still the magnificent physical specimen he was when he left.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Lisa can't be a magician -- that's my thing! I'm the one that got a magic set for Christmas two years ago.", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "Wow! This is the biggest Rice Krispy square I've ever seen. Boy, the rich sure know how to live."
Homer Simpson replied "Hey, just 'cause I'm not working doesn't mean I can't gripe like you guys. Don't you hate it when people steal your lunch out of the break-room fridge?"
"Thank God. I couldn't take another minute in this hell-hole.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Oh, man. Plain cake donuts? Thanks for taking all the fancies, guys. Why can't I ever get here on time?"
"Simpson...Lisa.", Seymour Skinner responded.
"Here's your birthday breakfast!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Singing opera made me good at painting." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Aka ni taishte burei da! Yogore o yaburu!"
Homer Simpson answered: "All right. Hey, hey!"
"Wow, that's Moe! The guy from the ad!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Uh-huh."
"To texting!", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "How did you know?"
"...So Lisa asked if her new friend could stay for dinner! She's finally doing something the book said she would!", Marge Simpson responded.
"What's for dinner, ma?" Bart Simpson replied.
"Wait a minute... If you're here, then you've fallen asleep too!" Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "It's like you're the Jesus of carpentry."
Homer Simpson answered "Yeah."
"Well, my show and tell is that I'm on Lisa's body--", Bart Simpson said.
"I think you'll find escape is quite impossible.", Homer Simpson replied.
"I wonder where all the kids are.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "Lisa's costume. Homer, I didn't realize. I'm so sorry."
Lisa Simpson said: "Someday when I'm a grownup, maybe I'll go back and look fondly at our house."
"I wasn't really gonna kill ya'. I was just gonna cut ya! Aah, forget it. Ouch, I better go check on Barney.", Moe Szyslak said.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Take it! Take it, take it, you poor schmoe."
Marge Simpson replied: "Homer Simpson, this was your doing. And I want you to fix it!"
"The bubble makes everything shimmer and glow. You can't believe what that sunset looks like to me." Bart Simpson answered.
"Dave's not here, man!", Homer Simpson answered.
"But--", Marge Simpson responded.
"Hey, you're mad at me. That wasn't your mayonnaise, was it?", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "That's it. Looking good. Getting warm..."
"Mother Hubbard Central expects you to buy a lot of stuff from them. Uniforms, fixins... it's like they don't care if you make money as long as they make money. What kind of corporation does that?", Marge Simpson said.
"And God bless Mom and Dad and Lisa and Maggie, and please, God, kill Sideshow Bob --", Bart Simpson said.
"I couldn't hear the last thing you said! Goodbye forever!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Homer? What's going on?" Marge Simpson replied.
"My name is... Santa's Little Helper.", Bart Simpson replied.
"But I ask you, who does smoking actually hurt, except the smokers, those around them, and the unborn children of the pregnant women we let in free on Expectant Mothers drink free night?" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "I'll just take Milhouse home."
"Ned's a stupid name! HE'S WORSE THAN FRANKENSTEIN OR DR. NO." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said: "More for mom, but yes."
Marge Simpson replied "Just poke through."
"What's the password?", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Yes, and now look at us. Only in America."
"Do they really think cheapening the memory of our veterans will sell soda?", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Sure is hot back here."
"Sixty four... sixty three...", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "What else you got?"
Lisa Simpson answered: "How could you? I won't do it!"
"Moe, for you... anything?" Bart Simpson responded.
"Mom, Bart was taking a picture of his butt." Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "You don't understand -- I can't go home! You gotta give me detention. Look -- I fed the gerbil coffee!"
"Garden view?" Marge Simpson said.
"No one does that to my daughter!", Homer Simpson said.
"Dr. Hibbert? You're the teacher?" Homer Simpson responded.
"What if we were raptured right now?" Ned Flanders responded.
"Eh, maybe I should call. Give one of the new kids a chance to talk to the legend.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"Wait there." Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered "No time! I don't wanna get stuck behind the joggers from the fat camp."
Homer Simpson responded "Oooo. Pro wrestling from Mexico. You know, down there it's a real sport."
Homer Simpson answered: "Can do. Now don't you worry about a thing."
"Well, I know who you are. And here's something to help you never forget!" Marge Simpson said.
"We have a winner!", Moe Szyslak said.
"Hey, the networks have different channels in this city." Homer Simpson replied.
"Why do you need new bands? Everyone knows rock attained perfection in 1974. It's a scientific fact." Homer Simpson said.
"You know at times like these, I-I used to turn to the Bible and find solace. But even the good book can't help me now." Ned Flanders responded.
Homer Simpson said "Sorry, Dad. You're too old."
Homer Simpson responded: "Calm down, Stresserella!"
Seymour Skinner answered "Over, under, in and out, that's what shoe tying's all about."
"Selma!", Homer Simpson said.
"Okay. Do I have to do anything?", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Mmmmm... free goo."
Marge Simpson: "See, see what I'm dealing with here, Ned? We invited them here, and they repay us with insults and judgments."
Homer Simpson replied "Lisa, nobody likes a shill."
Homer Simpson responded: "Ooh, a side."
Seymour Skinner answered "I'm going to exchange this beach towel I bought at Sequoia National Park."
"Homie! What happened to you?", Marge Simpson answered.
"No, me!" Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "Yeah, but even I had my limits. You're looking at expulsion for this."
"Ooh, ice skating." Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Mom! How did you know Maggie was here?"
Lisa Simpson said "Hello?"
"I was telling Marge that we could save some money if she only dyed her hair once a month." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "Right, Dad."
"Whaddaya say, honey?" Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "Don't be mad at Homer. I was the one who cut the rope."
"Don't worry, Bart. You won't learn anything." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Boy, you sure showed them.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Oh, your father traded our tools for M&M's again. Ah, the heck with it." Marge Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak replied "A shreda what? Uh, sorry, I was countin' the cocktail radishes."
"Oh, no!", Marge Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner said: "This is a great day for forbidden love."
"I'll take it!!", Moe Szyslak answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "You know, honey, I've really started to look forward to our little bike rides."
Marge Simpson said "Now, I need some liposuction -- just enough to make me attractive to this man."
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Exactly."
"No-ho-ho, it's true! Maude and I sell religious hook rugs over the Internet." Ned Flanders said.
Marge Simpson responded "That's it, buster -- you just bought yourself ten minutes watching that man make a wagon wheel."
Lisa Simpson: "Wow! / Air show! / Cool! /"
Homer Simpson answered "What's up, honey? Want a little lovin'?"
Homer Simpson said "Man, couples in this state sure like to clink glasses."
"Empty bottles... empty bottles...", Bart Simpson replied.
"Well, I don't know about that... It might help him a little..." Bart Simpson answered.
"Yay!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Shelbyville." Seymour Skinner replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Wha' th--"
"Not anymore!", Homer Simpson replied.
"That's odd." Seymour Skinner said.
Lisa Simpson responded: "I don't understand, Dad. Our family has so many flaws. Why must we share them with the world?"
Bart Simpson responded: "You're gay for Moleman!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Lower the boom!"
Homer Simpson answered: "You're right. Bad idea, bad idea... Should we just, y'know... drive by and take a look at the place? Bad idea, bad."
"Eh, he knows how I feel.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Mom, I'm tired. I wanna go home. Can't I just lie down for a minute?" Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "Just glad to be on the team!"
Homer Simpson responded: "The kid-parent contract -- unenforceable, yet you feel like you didn't completely cave."
Lisa Simpson answered: "It's so hard to choose just one item worthy of the safe. So I made this elaborate decision tree, which in itself is worthy of preservation."
Homer Simpson responded: "One AM lovin' and two AM steak? Night marriage rules! I guess nothing gets the heart pumping like a church revue."
C. Montgomery Burns answered "All of you! Get back out there with your flippers flapping, and your stumps a-stomping! Joe and Jane normal expect some entertainment for their nickel!"
Lisa Simpson replied "Heehaw!"
"Homer, is this the way you pictured married life?", Marge Simpson answered.
"Okay. No, I'm gonna do it.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Don't worry, Homie. This year you have an excuse for not remembering, what with your job and --", Marge Simpson answered.
"Well, I guess I could cut loose and do a little homework." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh yeah, everybody's making money off the Internet except us. We've fallen behind. Way behind."
Bart Simpson responded "Oh, Papa."
Moe Szyslak answered: "I decided to do the right thing."
Homer Simpson: "Well, it was a long trip, but we're almost there."
"I guess I do feel a little bad about not breastfeeding my kids... except Lisa. I breastfed Lisa for nine months.", Marge Simpson replied.
"You know, Homer, Edna was bugging me and bugging me to set a date, and I picked one that seemed far away, and it zoomed up like a junebug flying in my windshield." Seymour Skinner said.
"I'll take eleven hundred dollars worth.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded "Mondale to Hart: Where's the Beef?"
Marge Simpson replied "Hm, I guess you're right. I guess I'll have to scratch that off the list of things I say."
"Pull!" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "It's the same basic bear, Homey."
"Oh my God -- we're sealed in! Hey, nobody breathe my air -- get your own!" Moe Szyslak answered.
"I love that dog, but that is one long, stupid name." Lisa Simpson said.
"Homer, your spine!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Now remember, no loud noises. Oh man, that breeze feels good!", Homer Simpson said.
"AND DANCE BY THE LIGHT OF THE MOONNNNNNNN!" Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "I'm no matinee idol."
"Well, well. If it isn't the woman who's too busy saving the world to save her own marriage.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "Oh, Ned! I'm so sorry!"
"Mr. Burns... he's okay! Jackpot!" Homer Simpson replied.
"But that's just under nine hundred dollars. I wish I could go seventeen thousand, but...", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "I'm afraid handholding isn't going to cheer me up."
Marge Simpson answered: "Anyway, you're the only man I want ogling me."
"Okay, that's it. Let's get ready to meet our public.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Hey, that jerk cut us off! Pull alongside!" Homer Simpson replied.
"That's it, the radio! I'll go on the most popular program of the day. I assume that's still Don MacNeil and his Breakfast Club.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Oh, that's disgusting." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "All right, Herb, I'll lend you the two thousand bucks. But you have to forgive me and treat me like a brother."
"Interesting. Except you missed one thing." Marge Simpson said.
"Oh! But isn't this the 22?" Lisa Simpson said.
"Look at Shemp! He is so high!", Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak: "Ah, you know, Homer, that beer ain't free."
Marge Simpson: "Homie, what are you drinking?"
"Aw..." Moe Szyslak said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "We got beets!"
Lisa Simpson: "Dad, I think you created a hero that even you couldn't live up to."
Lisa Simpson responded: "I like school."
Moe Szyslak responded "Uh, Freddy Quimby was with me the entire night in question. We were collecting canned goods for the starving people in, ah... you know, one of them loser countries."
Homer Simpson responded: "I thought we were playing Cincinnati Time-Waste."
"Luann, I hope we're still on Thursday for collecting used cellphones for the troops.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Ready for inspection, Mom." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "True."
Homer Simpson said: "Oh, that's it. You're through, dean!"
"Homer Simpson!" Ned Flanders responded.
"Yay, Dad!" Bart Simpson responded.
"They expect me to sit here from nine to five?! That's how many hours? Ten, eleven, denominator... Oh, where's Lisa when you need her?", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Come join us, Lisa. It's so cool! You get to stay up all night drinking blood!"
Lisa Simpson: "What's wrong, boy? Getting tired?"
"I just need one great idea...", Bart Simpson replied.
"You're sellin' milk, J.J., and I've got a sour stomach." Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, I am...", Homer Simpson answered.
"Well, it coulda been a real ugly situation, but I managed to shoot him in the spine.", Moe Szyslak answered.
Homer Simpson replied "And you know what the best part is? We've really done something for the children."
"C'mon, c'mon..." Lisa Simpson answered.
"He forgot the volume of the carrot nose -- one-third base times height! Oh math, I have missed you!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Do you sell hats?"
Seymour Skinner replied "You see, legend has it that on her deathbed, Saint Teresa of Avila had a vision of a jewel that would usher in an era of peace and harmony..."
Marge Simpson responded: "Great! We're all going to New York!"
Lisa Simpson responded "Who is it?"
Homer Simpson said "Marge! Your shoe!"
"Why are there so many burnt-out ones?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Homer, Bill Gates is here.", Marge Simpson said.
"Get out! This is my office now! Get out!", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Maude, come quick! The Simpsons are covered with cooties!", Ned Flanders said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Even during Ramadan?"
Homer Simpson replied: "I don't know what that middle word means."
Homer Simpson responded "That's it, boy! You're going to bed without supper!"
"It's just hard not to listen to TV. It's spent so much more time raising us than you have.", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "Okay."
Homer Simpson said: "KER-SHAW, KER-SHEW / I'M AFTER YOU / WITH MY BLOODY NOOSE / STRONG ENOUGH TO HANG TEN MOOSE / KER-SHAW, KER-SHEW / IT'S JUST A STORY, BUT IT'S REALLY TRUE!"
"Wow! Cool, man!", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Terrible."
Bart Simpson replied: "I never noticed."
"Ooh, comfy.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "You'll rent nothing! This money is mine. I found it!"
Seymour Skinner answered: "What about the media? They're not covering the issues, they just want to declare a frontrunner and go back to their mansions."
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "What a great film, and I think it makes a terrific point: effective immediately, I'm closing the plant and moving all operations to India."
"Hmm, not Otto -- he'd drive us off a cliff." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Not unless you think about the irony."
Lisa Simpson said "Ahm... I wasn't a hundred per cent clear on that. She said something, but she was kind of in a rush to get Bart to the emergency room."
"The most romantic part of this was the hold music when I made the reservation.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "No!... Wait a minute. What was that last one again?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Marge, I've screwed up everything I've ever done. I mean, look at Bart. But I finally found something where people worship me for screwing up. And that feels pretty good."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Wow, you did learn a lot at 4-H."
Homer Simpson: "Oh. Thank you. Why was that on the Military History Channel?"
Homer Simpson: "EVERYTHING IS A SOURCE OF FUN..."
"Hey kids. How was school?" Homer Simpson said.
"Well, cock-a-diddily-doo! What a Marge-alicious way to start my Flander-rific day.", Ned Flanders answered.
"Hey, Apu." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "Bart!"
"If you're suggesting I stayed up all night trying to solve that childish puzzle, you're right." Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "You did the right thing."
"WHAT THEY WANTED YOU TO.", Bart Simpson answered.
"So what's it like being famous, Dad?" Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "What are you putting in there?..."
Marge Simpson replied: "Lousy Homer... I'll show him... tonight his beloved mock apple pie will have real apples."
"No." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "All right, you had your fun. Now get lost."
"He said he was going to work." Bart Simpson answered.
"I need to talk to Moe." Homer Simpson said.
"The one I didn't make and Marge didn't make and Bart didn't make and hence no one in the house made.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Till six a.m., my dearest darling and my last day on earth."
"Ooh! You're feisty. I'm gonna give you a Madonna cut.", Homer Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak replied "I'm sorry, professor."
"Now Homer, this is no time to be thinking about food.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Yeah. It's like out of a story book, ain't it?", Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson: "Pretended."
"Where'd you get that shirt?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Could you build us a house, President Carter? We can't go back to ours." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Well, you said I couldn't do it, but here it is! Meet Abby the Olympic Tabby."
Homer Simpson answered "Fore!"
"Even those guys look too civilized for me.", Homer Simpson answered.
"I'm sorry, everyone. I perpetrated this charade. The boy can read, and Edna Krabappel is the greatest teacher I have ever known. If she can teach me to love, then she can teach anything." Seymour Skinner responded.
"Why did she just leave me here when I clearly need medical attention?" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Here's why they shouldn't get anything. One..."
Homer Simpson responded: "Well, I'm just glad it's all over."
"So her career got in the way.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Aw, no fair."
"With that attitude, you'll never super in one of my buildings!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "What the rock?"
Marge Simpson: "Would it kill one of you to wash a bell pepper?"
"The City's broke. The fire department has to raise money by delivering pizza." Marge Simpson responded.
"We're the same temperature we've always been.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Honey, I'll make it up to you in bottle rockets." Marge Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner answered "Whoa. Howdy, pardners, I'm much obliged to y'all for comin' out to the ol' corral here--"
Homer Simpson replied "Sorry Mick!"
"Hey, he's not happy at all. He lied to us through song. I hate when people do that." Homer Simpson responded.
"Pearls, eh?", Homer Simpson said.
"Marge..." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Hey, what the--"
"I am so late!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "You wanna be my slave?"
"Gotta go." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Marge! Don't worry. My daughter's very bright, I'm sure she'll be able to memorize your question by dinner time tomorrow."
"No, Homer. He doesn't mean to be sacrilegious, Lord. He just likes to sleep in on Sundays..." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "A little lower... a little lower..."
Lisa Simpson responded "It's just that the people who claim they've seen aliens are always pathetic low-lifes with boring jobs! Oh, and you, Dad. Heh heh..."
"Sure thing, Alky." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Stop objectifying my mom!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Y'ello."
"Oh sorry, Dad, we didn't know." Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "Oh man, I sure wish I had a ten-speed bike."
Bart Simpson answered "If it helps, I believe that after you die, you can come back as whatever you want. I'll be a butterfly."
Lisa Simpson said: "Neither, thank you."
"But you haven't seen the Baby of Tomorrow! Ta-daa!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Well, better turn off that engine. Before those fumes put us in tombs.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Tight as a drum.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "I'd like to thank you on behalf of the group, and I hope we passed the audition."
"Oh, you do love me!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Don't worry, Marge. America's healthcare system is second only to Japan... Canada, Sweden, Great Britain. Well, all of Europe. But you can thank your lucky stars we don't live in Paraguay.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "Well, you still have Lenny and Carl."
"Oh my, no! I'm Monty Burns!", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"The therapy bears! Look out for the therapy bears!", Ned Flanders responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Brambles! Briars!"
"You mean, if I want pork chops -- even in the middle of the night -- your guy'll fry 'em up?" Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Who told y-- ?! Yesss. Well, I'd say you were an angel, but angels don't dance like that."
Lisa Simpson said: "Are we there yet? Are we there yet?"
Lisa Simpson answered: "I'm so glad you're here. Bart's really acting funny."
Homer Simpson said "Stupid poetic justice...!"
"I said someone like me, I didn't say me.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Don't be nervous, Ned. You've practiced this so many times in the shower." Ned Flanders responded.
Bart Simpson replied "Yeah, but at least we'll take a lot of innocent people with us."
Homer Simpson said "Cranford Man Missing. What's he missing? His pants? A train? Gimme a break!"
Homer Simpson responded "Sleep tight, Neddie."
Homer Simpson said "Wait! Wait! I got a float too! Listen up, 'cause I gotta explain a lot of it!"
Homer Simpson responded: "I had it all for one night. Now for the rest of my life I'll know what I'm missing. And all I have to remember it by is that my ears haven't popped. Well, I'll make sure that I never yawn again."
"Kids, that cartoon's not life-affirming. We're going to watch a show about the everyday problems of angels.", Marge Simpson said.
"Um, ah, oh, g... I might as well come clean with ya. I ain't too good at talking to women, and... and I really wanted to do ya, so I brought along the love tester to help me. As you may have guessed, it's inhabited by the ghost of my friend's dead father.", Moe Szyslak responded.
Homer Simpson said: "The frame store! You monster!"
Bart Simpson: "Nah, I don't do that anymore."
Bart Simpson answered "Go, Lis! Way to cite precedent! Ah ha!"
Bart Simpson replied: "Can I stay with you guys tonight?"
"No, bigger. And big red hair that came out to... yeah, yeah like that.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Obviously, you two have no experience causing a scene." Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "Does that work on anyone?"
Marge Simpson said: "Homie, no! It's not street legal!"
"Good luck, Homer. No hard feelin's.", Ned Flanders said.
Bart Simpson answered "What the hell's that?"
"What!?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders: "Feels like I'm wearing nothin' at all!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "Your early movies are timeless classics. Please, Mr. Curtis. Go back to what made your first films so great."
"Stop the showcase!", Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "Si-lent night..."
Homer Simpson: "Yeah! Clean up this stink hole!"
Bart Simpson responded: "References."
"But it's the teacher who's bullying me.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "I'm buying a round of the fanciest drink you got."
"No, I was thinking we could use him to send messages back and forth.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Eight o'clock, but what does it matter?"
"But I'm not in the cla..." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Help us! Help us, for the love of God! Won't somebody help us?!"
Ned Flanders replied "Uh, do I have to be gang-probed?"
Homer Simpson answered "Maybe I should be heading home."
"Marge. Bart. Maggie. Santa's Little Helper. Lisa!", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "Goodbye, Elon. Our town will never forgive you!"
Moe Szyslak said "Boy, did I bet on the wrong horse."
"You need one." Bart Simpson replied.
"Okay." Homer Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders said: "Will you shut your yap, ya big monkey-faced gorilla!!!"
Bart Simpson: "He's trained to do all sorts of stuff. He can herd sheep and perform CPR."
Homer Simpson responded "Uh, I just came to say that you're perfect. So perfect, I think Mr. Burns should give you a hug."
"Um, we'd better get down to business. As this is a non-leap year, we're already a day behind." Seymour Skinner replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Uh, yeah. I can do that."
Bart Simpson responded "Not our entire relationship. Just the stuff I said."
Homer Simpson responded "Like most of my problems, it all started at Moe's..."
Homer Simpson responded: "To the panic room store!"
"Uh... no." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "I've got to grow an inch by tomorrow or I won't get that part. Pull, you mighty stallions, pull. Show me no mercy."
Homer Simpson answered "Can I fight human-style? By slowly poisoning his environment until he loses his fur and becomes sterile?"
Ned Flanders responded "Well, I felt a little guilty for taking back what belonged to me."
"I'm alive! And surrounded by the...people I love the most in the..." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "DAMMIT!!"
Bart Simpson replied: "Show business sucks. I'm outta here."
"Now, let's chain him in the basement until the circus gets to town." Homer Simpson answered.
"Smithers, tip over this table for me!" C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh Marge! I'm ready for some lovin'!"
"Yes. Eat all of our shirts." Ned Flanders answered.
"Oh. Well, you wanna take a look at it anyways, uh just for ha-has?" Moe Szyslak responded.
Homer Simpson said "Then I'll do it!"
"Yes..." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Thank you. Or should I say thank you!"
C. Montgomery Burns replied "I'll have the berries."
"I'm Lisa!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Like what?"
Lisa Simpson: "Aren't you gonna buy it, Dad?"
Homer Simpson replied: "You're the man, Ralph!"
"When will this tea get out of my system?" Marge Simpson said.
"Oh, no. She's making him a sandwich." Marge Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak: "No, it's a forty-four long -- I wear a thirty-eight hunched."
"I think you're a hero, Dad." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Oh, yeah. Right. I don't know what this switch does." Homer Simpson responded.
"What?!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "This is horrible! I keep smelling my own breath!"
"Twenty dollars." Ned Flanders responded.
Homer Simpson said "Forget it."
"Dad, how can you call it a ski weekend if we're going home at dawn on Sunday?" Bart Simpson said.
"The world is completely different on a weekday morning. Banks are open, old people are walking the streets with impunity...", Bart Simpson answered.
"You're all right, Stupid Flanders. You're all right." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "That horse better win, or we're taking a trip to the glue factory and he won't get to come."
"Yeah, but it's just pretend violence, which is actually beneficial for children.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Lisa and Maggie are downstairs, and Bart's in his room with Milhouse." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Here you go."
"Mmm hmm. Very well. One last question: Have you ever seen the sun set at 3:00 PM?" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Hey Lisa -- Racing from Belmont? Horsies!" Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "Cool! I call the Flintstone Phone!"
Bart Simpson: "I don't got it."
"No, I'm very upset.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "But I'm so sweet and tasty. Well, time to go to work."
Lisa Simpson said: "Watch yourself, Dad. You're the highly suggestible type."
Marge Simpson answered: "What do you recommend?"
"That's a prison road crew." Marge Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Simpson, I am by most measures a successful man. I have wealth and power beyond the dreams of you and your clock-punching ilk. And yet, I've led a solitary life. The fair sex remains a mystery to me. You seem to have a way with women, a certain... how shall I put it? Animal magnetisme. Help me, Simpson. Tell me your secret."
Bart Simpson answered: "Hey, you're wrecking it!"
"Okay, bad example. So let me ask you this, does your money ever hug you when you come home at night?" Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "I don't know."
"...'cause I got a lotta spyin' to do.", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "No! No! I meant you were one of the good-looking ducks... that makes fun of the ugly one."
"That voice!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"All right, family time begins now." Marge Simpson responded.
"Don't you think I've got better things to do on my honeymoon than spy on you two?", Ned Flanders replied.
Moe Szyslak answered "What? I'm a monster, right? I knew it. I guess I'll just crawl back to live in the sewer, periodically emerging to sue you."
Marge Simpson said: "This romance is so full of heartfelt passion. I can really identify with this corn-fed heroine. Homer. Are you awake? This is important, give me some sign you're awake."
"Mom, every workout appointment is booked up for months! We'll have to open a second Shapes. We just need to find a vacant rental property. Hmm...", Lisa Simpson said.
"Oh Homer, quit pouting." Marge Simpson said.
"Looks like it. Run get Daddy's exorcism tongs." Ned Flanders responded.
"Big deal. I don't like girls either.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "This is a place of learning, not a house of... hearing about things."
Ned Flanders answered: "Well, my wife's passing was rough, but I think I'm finally ready to move on."
Homer Simpson answered "But as for you, Santa's Little Helper, you are a selfish coward and a bad dog!"
"TRUCKASAUROUS!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Hey, maybe it'll lead us to bananas.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Now let's get the show on the road."
Bart Simpson responded "Hey, Henrietta Hippo, I've got to drain the inchworm."
"Well, Maggie, one key left for us!" Marge Simpson answered.
"I'll give it a good home." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "Aloha to you! I'm looking for Maya. Last name Normousbutt."
"No, I want to get him a beer." Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "Eww."
"It grows on threes!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Huh? Wuzz wrong? House run away? Dog's on fire?" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "At Sunday School they said the lepers were cured by some bearded dude."
Homer Simpson responded "Patty, I admire your decision. It takes courage to follow your heart and walk out on a non-refundable wedding ceremony. So I'm gonna waive the rose petal removal fee and prorate the cake-handling surcharge."
"Oh, check." Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "There it is right there."
"That's great, honey. Say, have you seen my rattlesnake hatband?" Homer Simpson answered.
"It shows you care.", Marge Simpson said.
"My pearls? These were a gift from my Mom, when I could first read at a twelfth grade level." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Mom, I'm not sure God responds to threats and intimidation." Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "Now you'll get the girls you seek!"
Marge Simpson responded "All right. It's time to vote for the grand prize."
Bart Simpson responded: "No way are you gonna to beat me this time, Lis!"
Moe Szyslak said: "And that's that. Another story in the classic, infallible three-act structure. Good enough for Aristotle, good enough for the Simpsons."
"Mmmm, these StigMuffins are to die for!", Marge Simpson said.
"I will! I will be rich! I'll own a football team and a basketball team and I'll make them play baseball!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "There'll be plenty of time for that! I've got tons of important stuff to do."
Homer Simpson responded: "I'm joining the professional arm-wrestling circuit!"
"Does it work?" Homer Simpson said.
"Now take it off before they sting you!", Marge Simpson said.
"Hey Lisa, come on." Homer Simpson responded.
"That's enough!" Marge Simpson replied.
"He's flushing his pot down the toilet unnecessarily!" Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "And I've been wondering... not like I miss having my afternoons free or anything but... are you starting to feel better?"
Bart Simpson replied: "I sold all my stuff, and it's still not enough money for the cruise."
"But I got it in the middle!" Homer Simpson answered.
"This proves nothing. Roger could've been the one that killed them!" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "We have to tell them you're not dead."
Homer Simpson answered: "Ooh, why did they have to screw up a perfectly serviceable wagon story with all that fruity singing?"
"Maggie! You did all this?!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Hi, Mom!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Yep, a shiny new apple.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Oh, thank goodness everyone's okay!"
Bart Simpson replied: "Dude, I think the lady's made her decision."
"Wait, Dad, I've got something for you." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Don't forge? Don't forge what?", Homer Simpson said.
"We gotta find a clip that proves Krusty's made a cultural contribution." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "How long have we had these fish? Wait! The bear! Burns' bear!"
"Maybe." Marge Simpson said.
"You start with a splash of Jaegermeister, then add sloe gin, Triple-Sec, Quadruple-Sec, gunk from a dog's eye, Absolut Pickle..." Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "You the boss?"
Lisa Simpson said "Why are you so mean to me?"
Homer Simpson said "...Bart was never kidnapped! Lisa, I'm very glad you brought me this. I'll see that it gets to the proper authorities."
"Why you little --!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Marge, well, let me be honest with you.", Homer Simpson said.
"Here's a little hair of the dog for tomorrow.", Bart Simpson answered.
"I won! I won!" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Watch your language, moron."
"Here's what I do: pick the thing that Marge would hate the most...", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Woo hoo, look at that blubber fly."
"You know her?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Marge! Thank God you're here! Where's the car?"
"C'mere, little buddy.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Four jacks." Homer Simpson said.
"So Dad, were you excited that mom was pregnant?", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Five ninety-nine?! What a rip-off! Someone should shoot you!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Oh, no let me out! Let's get outta here!"
Moe Szyslak answered "Oh, speakin' of which, let's get these eggs back in a jar."
Lisa Simpson replied "Doogie Howser went to college when he was my age."
Lisa Simpson replied "Well, I know you don't want to disappoint Dad, but how do you feel about lying to him?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Made it!"
Homer Simpson answered: "But that would make a great movie."
"Milhouse, there's someone who wants to see you." Bart Simpson answered.
"Oh, man. Why does everything bad have to happen to me?", Bart Simpson said.
"Not your fault, man. Those parasailing guys take whatever they want.", Homer Simpson answered.
"How do you cope with it?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Urchins!", Marge Simpson responded.
"I can't wait to tell everyone!", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "But it comes from a true place..."
Marge Simpson replied: "Well, I don't miss his nonsense. There's a lot of stuff he blamed on raccoons that I'm starting to suspect was him."
"Well, he fooled almost everyone. But there was one little boy who never lost his mistrust." Marge Simpson said.
"You do?", Bart Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Ah, they shouldn't have been there in the first place. But Homer is a real hero."
Marge Simpson responded "That is totally irresponsible parenting!"
"I just told the natives they were havin' sex the wrong way!", Ned Flanders replied.
"Homer, I am so mad at you! I'll bet you blew up the town just to get out of cleaning the garage!", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Why is this happening to us?"
Seymour Skinner replied "I think we've seen enough."
"Wrong again, Flanders.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh yeah, three bad nightmares." Lisa Simpson replied.
"So many shoppers. Ow! Damn this... ow! Resilient economy." Homer Simpson answered.
"Right.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Well I, uh, found that contact lens I was missing. Lemme just screw her back in." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "When will they stop?"
Lisa Simpson replied: "It's a black hole!"
"Mom, could you keep it down a little? I'm trying to study." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Must eat more fat people. Thank God I'm in America!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, pish posh. There's a jaws of life in the trunk." C. Montgomery Burns said.
Marge Simpson said: "What the heck are these?"
Seymour Skinner replied "Oh indeed. Your mother was as fine a student as you."
Homer Simpson: "Two more feet and I can fit it in the fridge."
"Make room for Jumbo.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Well, that place was for diehard sports fans, not guys like me who are only fans when their team makes the playoffs. So, I decided to take apart the washing machine to see where that penny I left in my pants went."
Bart Simpson responded "Paintings. Lifeless images rendered in colorful goop. But at night, they take on a life of their own."
"A sports bra?" Lisa Simpson said.
"Keep it! Let's go!" Marge Simpson said.
"Would you take me to buy a comic book Tuesday at midnight?", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Well I'll be! There's a sofa in here!"
"Let's just say I've got to get to work on time. And if you knew me, you'd know just how odd that sounds." Homer Simpson answered.
"Okay, chapter one... uh... uh... writing is hard.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "The circus? Hmmm, I haven't been to the circus since I was a kid."
"Goodbye, Japan. I'll miss your Kentucky Fried Chicken and your sparkling, whale-free seas.", Bart Simpson said.
"Wake up, Homer.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "We were sitting in Barney's car eating packets of mustard. Ya happy?"
Homer Simpson said: "Lots of pizza."
Homer Simpson responded "Huh?"
Homer Simpson: "The hospital? Y'ello... Oh my God!"
Marge Simpson responded: "Let us in. We have the chosen one!"
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Why can't you reject your guy?"
Seymour Skinner said: "Oh, I see you're left-handed... so that concludes my evaluation. Enjoy fourth grade."
Seymour Skinner said "All our other attempts to get a spy inside the Bart Simpson operation have failed. Uter, Ralph, Doug the hip guidance counselor... he's never been the same since Bart got through with him."
"Wow, this bus station is the birthplace of Paul Shaffer.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Um... I don't know how to tell you this, but your baby doesn't have any legs--" Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh Lisa, stop pining for your saxophone. I got you another instrument.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Never happen.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Okay, well, that's not gonna stop us. I know a much better way to get attention...", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh am I, Am I really?"
"Fry up some cheese?" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "I don't want to take drugs."
"Well, all right, but I'm taking some of the ironing with me in the car." Marge Simpson replied.
"Oh, urgent notice." Marge Simpson responded.
"So grab a pancake and slurp some slop!", Bart Simpson responded.
"All over the floor.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Dad! It's the third Sunday of the month. You know what that means." Homer Simpson responded.
"Um... maybe some easy-listening music will make you feel better about the story. Turn on eighty-nine point nine.", Homer Simpson said.
"There there, save your lies for the American public.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Look at all this wrestling stuff."
"I'm saving my yelling for where it does some good. Lisa! You're a wonderful child! Keep up the good work!" Homer Simpson answered.
"And Ralph is only eight years old! It says in the Constitution you have to be thirty-five." Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "A fifties-style restaurant."
"Marge, will you marry me?" Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "His face is so flesh-colored and sad."
Homer Simpson: "Well wonder no more!"
Homer Simpson: "Get back here so we can put our love on a shirt!"
Marge Simpson: "That guy exploits his pets worse than Bob Guccione."
Bart Simpson answered: "Go! Go! Go!"
Moe Szyslak responded: "Boy, this place has gotten so grim. I'm gonna do something I've never done: make myself a drink."
"You're using your expensive new treadmill just to watch a show that went off the air five years ago? And when I wanted to watch it with you then, you said it was pretentious and repetitive!" Marge Simpson replied.
"You have yourself a bet, you jackaninny!" Ned Flanders responded.
Bart Simpson replied "All right. I've sat through mercy and I've sat through forgiveness. Finally, we get to the good stuff."
"And then I learned the true meaning of winter." Bart Simpson said.
"You didn't have to drop me off.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Hummingbirds! Hum and get it!" Marge Simpson replied.
"Little do you know that the Count of Monte Cristo is in fact an old acquaintance of yours." Homer Simpson said.
"Don't look at me!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Stupid dog!" Homer Simpson said.
"No. Well anyway, turn it off." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said "What are you drawing?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Hang on, Marge, Homie's comin'! I won't let that man make you happy!"
Lisa Simpson responded "Hey, lookin' good, Bart."
Homer Simpson: "I think we should put a stop sign at D Street and Twelfth. The other --"
Lisa Simpson said "What? Bart got a Swiss Army knife."
"No, no, I mean...", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "I choose to take that literally."
"Whoa!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Be sure to dig around in the gunk." Homer Simpson replied.
"Boy, I told you an hour ago. Stop that!", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh my God! This is an erotic bakery!"
"Here's the deal, Grampa. A guy, I think was an explorer, left this in the bar one night. It may be a map to ancient treasure, or directions to some guy's house, but to find out, we'll need money, we'll need provisions, and a two man diving bell.", Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson said "Pathetic."
Homer Simpson: "CALL MISTER PLOW, THAT'S MY NAME! THAT NAME AGAIN IS MISTER PLOW!"
"I will never forgive you.", Bart Simpson said.
"Sweetie, any place I'm marrying you is the most romantic place in the world." Homer Simpson answered.
"Bart, do you expect me to believe that? That story is the biggest load of... Krabappel? Making out with Moe?", Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Honey, I've given this matter a lot of study. And of all the commercials I saw, his was the best. All it costs is two hundred and fifty dollars."
"That's a trust, Janey. A sacred trust." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Eh. Close enough."
"Well, where's my dad?", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Why you little... oh, I can't. When I look at those beautiful chubby cheeks... c'mere, you."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Hey, a library! No, I can't. That's the old nerdy Lisa."
Marge Simpson answered: "Cylinders?!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh, that is so cool! Ooh, a dish of shrunken heads!"
Marge Simpson: "Look!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Look, son. It's one of nature's most beautiful sights -- the convoy."
"Aww..." Homer Simpson answered.
"And the bed never needs to be made. Check it out." Homer Simpson replied.
"This is the best hiding place. They'll never find me." Lisa Simpson responded.
"I did it! I did it! I did it!" Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Pointless."
Moe Szyslak responded: "Yeah that's right! Scatter, ya cockroaches!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "Daaad!"
"It's not a school project. I'd've heard of it. I'd better go check it out." Lisa Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner said "Come on! Or you are going to be very, very sorry."
"Did it work?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Snow!" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Hey, Barney, will you give me 250 bucks for this blimp ticket?"
"I can't -- I might be called upon to give directions later." Seymour Skinner answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "You change it."
"Marcus?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh, they're newlyweds. They'll just talk things out and top it off with some lovin'.", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Stop! This is a black hole, not a lawn and leaf bag! If one more thing gets in there it could reach critical mass!"
"Hmm... Who's that goat-legged fellow? I like the cut of his jib." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Hmm. What would the Captain say in my spot?", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "Wait a second! You planted a phony skeleton for me to find! This was all a big hoax."
"You know, perhaps you're right. I got so swept up with the notion of being liked, I completely forgot who I am. I'm a selfish old crank and that fits me like a Speedo.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Marge Simpson replied "It might be a fun way to kill a couple hours."
"They were two for one at Krusty Home Depot, so I got an extra one for you guys!" Ned Flanders answered.
"Hey, everybody. Look what we got!", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Woo hoo! Did you hear, Bart? Oh."
Bart Simpson responded "I'm not sad. I have nothing to be sad about. Nothing!"
"I think I puked up all of my meanness.", Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "...So in 1966, a brave young man named Seymour Skinner enlisted and shipped out to Vietnam, where he rose to become Platoon Sergeant. Ralph?"
"Marge, the boy was wearing a Hawaiian shirt!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Hey, I'm still checkin' out Japanese TV.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Well, now I always have someone to eat lunch with." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Not very!"
Moe Szyslak responded "Wow, even I ain't hopin' for porn."
"Hey, hey, hey, hey! That plank's only for comin' in!", Moe Szyslak responded.
"Fine. I'll come find you when I'm ready to stop having fun.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Uh, yeah, I think so... It's just a bump on my head..."
Homer Simpson replied: "Me?"
Homer Simpson replied "Oh yeah. I forgot already."
"Come again, Marge?" Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "You're not mad?"
"Of course.", Seymour Skinner answered.
"Aw, come on, Dad. Get the lead out." Bart Simpson answered.
"Interesting. All right, I've come up with a composite sketch of my prime suspect.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Yeah... the open road.", Homer Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Sure, but it'll cost ya."
"No thanks to you, Homer.", Bart Simpson said.
"The jars are full -- so you've earned your... Saturday Surprise Dad Day!", Marge Simpson replied.
"Anything... as long as I can give the money to my son." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "That's very nice, Dad, but it's wrong for you to reward violent, competitive behavior. However, I will sit up front with you if it's a fatherly gesture of love."
"Yeah. / Pretty much." Lisa Simpson said.
"And those." Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Psst! Mrs. K!"
Homer Simpson: "The weights that changed you from a Bavarian creme puff to a mass of twitchy muscles?"
"It's in the second drawer from the right.", Marge Simpson said.
"Can't breathe... I've lost, I've lost everything.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"I understand. Children, this is Principal Skinner..." Seymour Skinner replied.
"Yes." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "If you'll show me to your bathroom, I'd like to pretend to wash my hands."
"You know, a little goatee thing." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Lisa Simpson: "Mom, that's not how you pry them apart."
Homer Simpson said: "Mr. Doobner, I have a complaint: I work hard, and when I go out with my family, I expect a certain level of basic--"
"Yeah. That should be us covered with blood!", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "I'm in charge. You do what I say."
Bart Simpson replied "Yeah, TV writers have been milkin' that goat for years."
Marge Simpson answered "Yeah, that was the boy Lisa likes."
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Shoo! Go have one of your enormous litters!"
"I decided to mix the little bits that were left in every liquor bottle.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, please.", Bart Simpson answered.
"A disc? Please be compact, please be compact! Woo-hoo!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Okay, here comes our victim. Let's bash his head in.", Moe Szyslak said.
"Right. Na--" Marge Simpson answered.
"Show's over, Shakespeare!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Trust me, that is a valuable card. Pick up another.", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "Hey, hey, you made your sale."
Bart Simpson said: "Quick, Dad. Before somebody else wins it!"
"Can't I water ski a little bit?", Homer Simpson answered.
"You mean it's a new dress? Where did you get it?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "You really should have voted, Homer."
"I'm king of the world! Woo hoo! Woo hoo!" Homer Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner answered: "Because you have impeded science, you must now aid science. Yes. Starting tomorrow, you will assist me with my amateur astronomy. Taking down coordinates, carrying equipment and so forth. Four-thirty in the morning."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Look, Mom, I finished my patch. It depicts the two greatest musical influences in my life."
Seymour Skinner answered: "This, young lady, is a mimeo machine. A hand-operated duplicating device -- no electricity needed."
"Look, I know I don't have any proof, but this woman is trying to kill me!" Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Stupider like a fox!"
Lisa Simpson replied "I think you should do a new ad. One that's fresh and original."
"In this neighborhood, who hasn't?", Bart Simpson replied.
"Miss Winthrop, I was thinking..." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "So I gave up tap for jazz, and I've never regretted it. And here's why..."
Moe Szyslak responded: "Oh, hey, listen, I've learned a lot about human nature by watching things through secret cameras."
"Shhh.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Lisa has a big toy! No fair! That means I get two small toys!", Bart Simpson replied.
"Try not to move, Dad. You swallowed a lot of motor oil.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Come on, Marge. Maybe I'm not getting enough ...estrogen."
"Leave with you? I'll have to check with mother." Seymour Skinner said.
Lisa Simpson responded "Oooh, there's Ulysses S. Grant, Babe Ruth Ben Franklin..."
"Twelve bucks! Hey, I can bleed!", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "I'm not sure I can afford a fancy lawyer."
"I ... can't ... take ... this ." Seymour Skinner responded.
Bart Simpson said "Well, Willie, you can take it from here. Adios, dude."
"All right, stay calm, boys. Oh God! We're at the corner of Cesar Chavez Way and Martin Luther King Boulevard!" Seymour Skinner responded.
"They didn't have my size shirt, but you get the idea." Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Dad! A flying saucer blew up that statue!"
"Homie, when I married you, I knew we wouldn't live in luxury.", Marge Simpson said.
"Lis, you poured your heart into rescuing society's most vulnerable critters: animals. So I want all the money we've raised tonight to go to building... The Lisa Simpson Home for Abandoned Animals!" Bart Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders said: "Okay, now, everybody take out your Junior Campers pocketknives..."
Lisa Simpson answered: "We never do my thing!"
Marge Simpson responded "No, I'm going to join him forever."
Homer Simpson said "It's wonderful! It's magical! Oh boy, here it comes - another mouth."
Ned Flanders said "Oh Lord, please give me the strength to endure Homer Simpson's friendship."
Lisa Simpson responded "You mean like when you hid inside the conga drum to scare Ricky?"
"How many times can you laugh at that cat getting hit by the moon?" Marge Simpson answered.
"I used to be so embarrassed buying these.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Sorry, son. Daddy failed." Homer Simpson replied.
"But, Mom! If you take our cartoons away, we'll grow up without a sense of humor and be robots.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Now, I need to leave you where you'll be safe...under the watchful eyes of God. And I'll be watching you too, in case God's busy making tornadoes or not existing."
"There sure is. Kids, you tried your best and you failed miserably. The lesson is, never try. Right in the butt. That was great." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "What's the cheapest thing you've got?"
Moe Szyslak said: "What's the matter, Homer? Bloodiest fight of the year, and you're sittin' there like a thirsty bump on a log."
"What is it that they have that keeps Snowball coming back to their house?", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "Homie. As long as you keep the car full of gas, I'm happy."
"Stupid atomic pile. How hard could it be to build a reactor? Korea did it. And look at the quality of their animation." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied: "He framed Krusty. He tried to kill Aunt Selma. He rigged an election."
"What the?!" Homer Simpson said.
"Stop it. Stop it. Stop it!", Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, I had my first crush, and all it did was make me do terrible things and then break my heart.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Dad, this is a hundred and ten dollars." Lisa Simpson replied.
"So, you're not totally unqualified.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, gee, Homer, this all looks so garish." Ned Flanders answered.
"After we trusted you...", Homer Simpson replied.
"Yes! I want him to know that if your life doesn't turn out the way you want, there's someone else to blame.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "I know!"
"Yeah, there'll be enough people to do that for me at recess tomorrow.", Bart Simpson answered.
"No, Maggie!", Marge Simpson answered.
"Please tell me they suffered." Homer Simpson replied.
"My ballpoint is all clicked-up for you.", Ned Flanders responded.
"A lot of blue hair? Heh-heh. What a freak." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "As the years went by, your mother and I were blessed twice more."
"Easy... easy..." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "No, I... I... Wait, I can't... I-- Hello...?"
Homer Simpson replied "That's it. I'm acting the way America acts best -- unilaterally."
Marge Simpson: "One. And two. And three. And reach. And five. And six. And seven.."
Homer Simpson responded "Hey, Flanders, it's no use praying. I already did the same thing, and we can't both win."
Homer Simpson responded: "All right, team, it's the fourth quarter. The Lord gave us the atoms, and it's up to us to make 'em dance!"
Homer Simpson responded "All right. I got it. Come on. Get... off the..."
"I thought life preservers only came in orange. Because wouldn't it be hard to see blue in the ocean?" Marge Simpson answered.
"The king of fantasy books on our fantasy book-writing team?" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "I hid it all in the one place you'd never look."
"No! You lie! Eliza Simpson can't be a coward! She's the only decent ancestor I have." Lisa Simpson said.
"Dondelinger! I should have been Class President, but you stole the election from me.", Homer Simpson responded.
"No!" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Bart, please. The groundskeeper and I are trying to settle this like adults."
Homer Simpson responded: "That's him."
Homer Simpson replied: "Sorry."
"Well, sir, how many times have you been blown up since the cameras went in?" Ned Flanders answered.
"Hm, I'm not sure. Let me check." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "We're pretty broken."
Bart Simpson answered "Ow! There's a big box in here!"
Bart Simpson: "I have made a fortune off you chumps -- and I've invested it all in Microsoft! Now my boyfriend Bill Gates and I kiss each other on a pile of your money!"
"Dumb dog.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Um... Someday I'd like to own the Dallas Cowboys." Homer Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak responded "Ah, for the love of Jeff!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh, what do I do? What do I do?"
Marge Simpson answered "Excuse me, we're having a problem with our dog..."
Bart Simpson replied: "You spent your life searching for these, but you never had one."
"Barney, you ever notice how hard it is to drive with your knees?" Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded "You can do it. Red!"
Bart Simpson said: "Rumble it is. After school. Rain or shine."
"I think she's trying to tell us something." Homer Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak answered "Once they destroy each other..."
Marge Simpson answered "Sweetie, it's nice that you want to take charge around the house, but don't be a hero. Just make sure your father eats all his meals over a tarp. But not the good tarp. I want you to get married on that some day!"
"That's for a child's birthday. We're going to get this one.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Whoa, you just blew my mind!" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "Hubba hubba! Oh you kid!"
Homer Simpson answered "Camera's broken!"
Homer Simpson responded "I hope you're not planning to see a certain movie starring certain space mutants that a certain mother didn't want you to see?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Well, okay then... ... Four o'clock... Coupla hours I have to get up and go to work... gotta go to work... go to work."
Homer Simpson said: "We'll be fine, honey. The main thing is for you to get better."
"It'll just take a sec." Marge Simpson answered.
"I never knew Springfield had a subway." Bart Simpson said.
"You know..." Ned Flanders said.
Homer Simpson said "Homer Simpson, sir."
"Keep it down in there!", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said: "Did you know some historians think American football is based on an ancient Aztec game?"
Marge Simpson: "I can't be in the hospital! Tomorrow is laundry day. And I've gotta de-meat Lisa's baloney."
Homer Simpson replied: "Don't you tell me how to feed you to the dog!"
"Goodnight, Homer.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "You callin' me a liar, Carl?"
"Look at me, Lis! I'm Baron von Chicken Pants.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "You know what will cool this place down? A little touch of winter."
"It's raining inside!" Marge Simpson answered.
"France." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "What a day! They found out I was a witch so I had to leave my family."
"Run, children! Run!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Cool! What'd I buy?" Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "The sound of the baby must have triggered a primal mnemonic response in Mom's brain."
Marge Simpson answered: "Alright, I will buy it. It'll be good for the economy."
"Bobo! Bo-Bo! Oh, it's you. The bedpan's under my pillow.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"What? Really?", Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "Hey! It worked!"
"There it is!" Marge Simpson said.
Ned Flanders said: "Thank you, Plow King-a-lee-ding."
"He's just riding the thermals from Dad's butt.", Bart Simpson said.
"WHO ROBS CAVE FISH OF THEIR SIGHT? /", Seymour Skinner responded.
"I want you to put it all on my little girl. And parlay with the Asian kid." Homer Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner: "Johnny."
"No problemo. We'll just sweep it all under the rug.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "You. You watch."
"Old Man Winter!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Uh, I'm here to check in for the three o'clock."
"Not to worry, she has been treated with heavy doses of...Lorazepam and other drugs from the...Benzodiazepine family.", Seymour Skinner replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Well, don't worry about me, Dad. It's not how it looks, it's how it sounds."
Bart Simpson answered: "Yeah, you can't have any fun in bed."
Homer Simpson answered: "Man, you vamps got it made... you sleep all day..."
"Sure, they could be here. Who knows?" Homer Simpson said.
"See Maggie? See the fun box! Do do do do doo do...", Homer Simpson responded.
"Wow. This'll be the first time I ever watered down my booze.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"Marge, is Lisa at Camp Granada?" Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "You know, in Albania the unit of currency is called the lek."
Marge Simpson said "I play an aging southern beauty who's driven to insanity by her brutish brother-in-law Stanley."
Marge Simpson responded: "Don't call me a gal. Makes me feel like I'm your mother."
Lisa Simpson: "No, I belong here! Pleeeaaase!"
"I don't know, I'm still a little hazy.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "What? The guy who washes the elephants is Japanese. His name is Takashi. He's in my book club."
"On second thought, go right.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "We'll have to set a trap, bait. I mean, Bart."
Homer Simpson answered: "Whoo!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Bill, bill. Oooh! Llib! Eh-- Wait a minute. Bill?!"
Bart Simpson replied "Then quit flapping your lip and make with the cookies."
"He shoots, he sco-- My thumb!" Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied: "I'm starting to think the Sea Captain isn't coming back."
"Do it without the attitude or don't do it at all.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "That's all right, brain. If I die, I'll be doing the thing I love the most: trying not to get killed."
"Lowenstein." Marge Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak said "HERE COMES THE MOE / WITH A PRETTY GIRL / 'CAUSE THESE ARE THINGS THAT HAPPENED / IN RE-AL LIFE"
Homer Simpson said "Oh, isn't that wonderful. My work and my home life come together in such a nice way. Marge, may I see you in the other room?"
Bart Simpson replied "Hey, as long as they're not hurting anybody."
Marge Simpson responded: "Strange, regular ham doesn't thrill me anymore. I'm crossing over to deviled ham. Whoa!"
Homer Simpson answered "Ah."
Marge Simpson replied: "Uh... sorry."
"Oh dear!" Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "How could somebody...?"
Bart Simpson responded "Anthill, wasp nest, moose poop, Mr. Burns... Mr. Burns?"
"Like a dog. Or a snowman!", Homer Simpson answered.
"RUDOLPH WITH YOUR NOSE... OVER HERE... / SO YOU CAN GUIDE MY SLEIGH TODAY...." Homer Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak answered: "Marge, I loves youse. Will youse be mines?"
"What's a Chachi?", Bart Simpson answered.
"Now let's see... which one is Ling?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Gotcha!"
"Dad, this ticket is for tomorrow's WNFL game!" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Don't worry, Marge. We'll get something to eat."
Homer Simpson replied: "Whoa Marge, for the first time in my life, I'm excited about going to work!"
"Don't leave me alone with him.", Homer Simpson answered.
"I don't think so. The U.S. Embassy has warned people not to go to downtown Springfield." Marge Simpson responded.
"What?", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "I'm somewhere where I don't know where I am."
Moe Szyslak replied: "Thanks, Marge. That rag is my only friend in the world."
Marge Simpson said: "Why is Bart so tall? And shaggy?"
"That wasn't me!" Marge Simpson responded.
"Death to Shelbyville!", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "I've been doing some outside projects for Mr. Burns."
"Simpson, eh? I want him in my office at nine o'clock Monday morning. We'll see who eats whose shorts!" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "Yeah well, you'd be grumpy too if you were taken out of your natural habitat and gawked at by a bunch of slack-jawed yokels."
"Ohh, oh, got him.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Are you nervous son?"
"Oh, the prid is gone." Homer Simpson responded.
"Listen, we're really sorry. We got lost on a field trip from Springfield Elementary!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Dad, I want to go to bed. Aren't there child labor laws?"
"Mrs. Krabappel." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, it won't be long. Once their resume gets out, they'll have all kinds of offers. The older one can pull out his left eye."
"I'll never forget my five-and-a-half weeks at the top.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Hey, what happened to your belt?" Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "Mom, I didn't know you went to college!"
"Oh, that's probably because to her, the saxophone is a me, and she doesn't want to end up like you. G'night.", Homer Simpson replied.
"What am I, a tailor?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Bah! I'll just pay for the blasted liposuction." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Just how do women get babies?" Bart Simpson answered.
"Hooray.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Hey boy, we're supposed to be acting religiousy. What are you up to?"
Homer Simpson replied "Uh-oh."
"Bart, he's not gonna get it!" Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "Homer! Let your father tell the story."
"Nooooo! It's dripping funny-smelling water all over me!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Give back the painting! The whole town's turned against us!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Will I!" Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "A vampire!"
"Look there's only one reasonable way to settle this: rock, paper, scissors.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "He must be a hundred feet tall."
Homer Simpson replied "I can't go to a gay bar, I'm too fat! Moe, I'm gonna help you reopen your bar no matter what it takes."
"If I do it, you're supposed to stop!", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Why you little..."
"Remind me, Smithers: while we're out, I need to get my eyes re-balled and my brain flushed out with vinegar." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Your last act as a mom was to make me a better dad. But at least now I'll never lose you again."
"Yeah, yeah, sure thing, I'll get right on it." Moe Szyslak responded.
"I know, but I don't like it." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "He's headed for the old mill. No, Cheatie, no!"
"Ooh, here's a good one: The World's Most Overrated Saint." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "That's my boy."
Homer Simpson replied "What can I do? I'm only one man."
Homer Simpson responded "Dogs can't get mumps."
"Capital City? You can't move that far, you're my best friend. What's your Mom making? I'll match it!" Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "Can I sleep with you guys tonight?"
"B.F.D. I've had your scrambled eggs, Homer. The secret ingredient is whiskey." Marge Simpson answered.
"Sure you do. You have the right to remain silent." Marge Simpson responded.
"Okay, don't go. Just stay here and rot with Grampa.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "The book prints at midnight. So if we swap in the original version , they'll print the wrong book -- our book."
Lisa Simpson said "There's only one bed that's just right for me, the bed with the truth in it. Which is probably the third one."
"Hey, I only drink that when I'm already drunk." Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "What was I laughing at, now? Oh yes, that crippled Irishman."
"I don't understand it. I got them at the same place I buy Mother's dresses. Good Lord! Mother's in the park!" Seymour Skinner responded.
Homer Simpson said: "My ears are burning."
Marge Simpson replied: "Well, then maybe you should pay for it."
"You're not joking. Any other surprises?", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Wow, it makes the Lincoln Memorial look like crap."
"Mason Fairbanks...", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "I think there must be a more logical explanation. And I think the people of this town aren't gonna be won over by three seconds of videotape."
Homer Simpson answered: "I fell off. Hee hee hee."
Marge Simpson responded "Ooh, did you say Joan Van Ark?"
"I don't feel them.", Bart Simpson responded.
"That had nothing to do with the bucket." Homer Simpson responded.
"Well sir, I don't believe we've ever met." Ned Flanders responded.
"FIFTY STARS AND THIRTEEN STRIPES..." Homer Simpson responded.
"Ohhhh, but Marge! Am I doomed to spend the rest of my life sweating like a pig?", Homer Simpson said.
"This is an outrage! Since when are public figures fair game for satire?" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"What the dilly-yo?", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh, Homer."
Lisa Simpson: "Then, what should I do?"
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Jackanapes... lolligaggers... noodle heads... enchantress!"
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Tell me something I don't know."
"I have eaten the ribs of God.", Homer Simpson answered.
"So the lesson is, children...", Seymour Skinner said.
Marge Simpson said "Go around! Go around!"
"I would never do that." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "Who'd have thought you could hold up a car with a wicker basket?"
Marge Simpson answered: "Ooh, why didn't you say so? Hey, is there a bathroom here?"
Homer Simpson: "Oh, thanks, boy."
Homer Simpson replied: "What? They had a picnic last week."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Mom! Bart's twisting facts in an Orwellian fashion!"
"I'm gonna not kill you every week." Homer Simpson replied.
"And this is Lord Thistlewick Flanders...", Ned Flanders responded.
"Sure." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "I can't go on..."
"C'mon, let me cut you a brownie while they're still hot." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "All right. I suppose my work here is done."
Ned Flanders said "Well..."
"Uhh..." Bart Simpson said.
"Die, happy couples--", Bart Simpson answered.
"Who are you talking to?" Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "'Cause my chest is cold and my arms aren't."
"Homer!", Marge Simpson answered.
"Bart looks so cute as a mighty oak in the school play!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Hey Homer! You want to be the voice of Angry Dad?", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Bart, I wish you wouldn't lie like that."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "I' afraid that's insufficient. Officer, arrest the baby."
Marge Simpson responded "Doesn't your job start tomorrow?"
Bart Simpson said: "There's a reason."
"Oh Marge, don't you love it when our hands meet in the popcorn tub?" Homer Simpson replied.
"That's right! Crawling on your knees!" Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "Come on, Bart. In your pre-Fascist days, you knew the giddy thrill of futile rebellion."
"Over." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "All of that is you. You've gotta take this more seriously."
"Why is there make-out music on?", Marge Simpson replied.
"Ya know, you don't seem like the money-hungry semi-stripper who's usually on Fox. Why'd you do it?" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "I'unno. A million?"
Seymour Skinner answered "Lisa, to honor Springfield Elementary's shining star, we are granting you a double-wide locker."
Homer Simpson said: "Wait a minute. There's one thing I don't understand. In all those years, why didn't you ever try to contact me?"
Bart Simpson responded "Yeah."
Lisa Simpson said "Who needs college, Mom. We're trillionaires! Let's buy dune buggies."
Homer Simpson answered: "I kicked one of those stupid Itchy characters in the butt."
Homer Simpson said "Ooh, a penny!"
Homer Simpson said: "Well, I want that one."
Homer Simpson answered "Shutup."
Homer Simpson responded: "Daddy has very important work to do. He's looking through the Want Ads to find a part-time job."
Marge Simpson replied "Homie, I'm sorry... you know I usually bring my A-game to the bedroom... but tonight I just can't throw the heat."
Marge Simpson: "Homer, you encouraged him. You should be strangling yourself."
"Now Maggie, I had to use your car seat to hold the new TV Guide...so I'm gonna hang you from the mirror.", Homer Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak replied "You don't deserve her! You know nothin' about Marge -- what's her favorite food?"
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Have you people forgotten our little competition? Last one in the cabin is fired."
"I don't wanna go home! I'm not done talking to me!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Jebediah Springfield was nothing more than an evil, blood-thirsty pirate who hated this town!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner replied: "I believe it was a boking accident."
"With the sun blocker in place and the town aghast, I was on top of the world..." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Well, they're not as pretty as you, Marge."
Homer Simpson responded: "Head burning... legs freezing. Middle... very pleasant."
Bart Simpson replied "No problemo, Unky Herb."
"I begged him to stop, but he said it was for the good of the nation.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Human garbage can to the rescue!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Dad? Where are you?" Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "What?! Oh, why are the oafs always the first to go?"
"No, you're watching Baby Poindexter, the most educational DVD available at the checkout aisle at the grocery store!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Me too."
Lisa Simpson said: "It's a music box! Dad, we uncovered the secret!"
"Homie!" Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "Hmmm. Oh well."
"Let's get the year rolling with an all-school spelling bee!", Seymour Skinner answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "You're quitting school?!"
"Oh yeah! It's important to grow-grow-grow, but if you take it to the max-max-max, it's gonna get ugly!", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Well, sorry, I'm not in that business anymore."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Iceland keeps the most detailed family records of any country in the world."
"All right, that's it! I'm writing all your names on the detention list in my mind." Seymour Skinner replied.
"It doesn't matter what happened a thousand years ago. For Carl Carlson's honor has been redeemed by the deeds of Carl Carlson.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Is this thing hurting you?" Homer Simpson responded.
"You're the coolest dad alive!" Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "Ah, much better."
"Bart! Bart! Time for your Sunday night bath, boy!", Homer Simpson said.
"Bus-ted!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Thanks for taking the job. I'm sorry my husband is being so difficult." Marge Simpson responded.
"That uh, that's me. I've been taking ventriloquism lessons." Moe Szyslak said.
"But where would I get the money to start a new life? And then, opportunity strolled right in the door...", Moe Szyslak answered.
"Oh, I bet my story's more interesting." Marge Simpson said.
"Take a guess." Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders: "Okey-dokey, everybody find a partner. Two dads to a raft."
Marge Simpson replied: "Bart, stop whatever you're doing and come down here."
"Bart!" Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "Homer!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "Why don't you just admit you don't know where the hospital is?"
Marge Simpson: "Sweetheart, I think you'll feel better after we take a little walk..."
Moe Szyslak replied: "Can the medical mumbo-jumbo. Can you fix me or not?"
"I'm sorry! I'm sorry!" Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "Bye, Mom. Bye, Dad."
Homer Simpson answered "Hey, I've always had an interest in art, dating back to my schoolgirl days when I painted portrait after portrait of Ringo Starr."
"How is that fun? Fun is only fun if everyone's having fun.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Proposal?", Bart Simpson answered.
"Never you mind." Marge Simpson answered.
"Hi kids!" Homer Simpson said.
"Aaah!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Is there maple syrup in this one?" Bart Simpson said.
"Now we have electricity. This propane tank will supply us with heat, and this doorknob, properly turned, will allow us access to the cabin." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"I feel a happiness I've never felt. I not only have friends... I have a hat to prove it." Marge Simpson said.
"Oh..." Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "What's your plan now, Skinrash?"
Bart Simpson responded "Saunter!"
Moe Szyslak: "Boys, relax, have a drink and tell Mama Moe all about it."
"That's right. Sixty-eight channels. MTV for the kids. VH-1 for us. Sixteen hundred hours of quality programming every day!", Homer Simpson replied.
"What am I doing here? Let me go!" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "You're a pin-monkey? Wow. Finally I don't have to be ashamed of my father's job."
"I know!", Homer Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "You heard me, hippy."
"Bart, I need you to help me win the election.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Flanders?! A perfect vacation ruined."
Marge Simpson replied "Really? Me? You did?"
Homer Simpson replied "All the time. It was the title of our second album!"
"Mops? The cure sounds worse than the disease.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Oh, I got that, lady."
"Out of the way! I learned CPR while waiting for other kids to finish their math tests.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "There's no perfect crime."
"Just the two of us?", Lisa Simpson said.
"Used, isn't it?" Marge Simpson answered.
"I'm gonna lose my plow.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Stay plugged in! I will find you!"
"For the last twenty years!" Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "A-yup."
Homer Simpson replied: "Flanderses!"
"Well, long as I got nothin' to lose...", Moe Szyslak answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "Homer! Homer. I think there's someone downstairs."
"Thanks for the food, Mister..." Homer Simpson said.
"I'unno.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Woo hoooooooooo--" Homer Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders answered: "Well, I just can't relate to the women of today, Homer. Ah, it's probably me. I'm about as exciting as a baked potato."
"I jumped in front of your picture! Now it's ruined!", Bart Simpson answered.
"Mom, Bart sprayed whipped cream in my eye!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Okay, okay! Let me just get the wire cutters." Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "Nah. I might land on my face and end up lookin' like you."
Homer Simpson replied: "Here, little fella."
Homer Simpson: "What dat?"
"You take my sister's bike.", Bart Simpson said.
"I believe he's saying he's okay." Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "Excuse me, have you seen this man?"
Homer Simpson: "Who are you?"
"Oh, yeah." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Interesting, interesting...."
Homer Simpson answered "Fine, she doesn't get her skin!"
Homer Simpson said: "Really? Me? You mean it?"
Bart Simpson replied: "You're gay for Moleman!"
"Wow!" Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "I don't think this place is so great."
Ned Flanders responded: "Well, Maude, your dream has finally come true."
"I'd like to withdraw my life savings, please. And hurry!" Homer Simpson replied.
"All right, let's see what the old girl can do.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Mine keeps disappearing. Oh, well.", Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "I was in an anecdote once!"
Lisa Simpson: "TV! TV! TV!"
Homer Simpson answered "Good, good. Moe, fifty dollars on the Miami Dolphins."
"Come in and get some more!" Marge Simpson said.
"This is for love, Dad. Someday you'll feel what I feel.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Oh, Marge, don't blame yourself. I'm the terrible parent. The boy bugs the hell outta me, I can't help Lisa with her homework. The only thing I'm fit to take care of is a houseplant." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Discount Lion Safari!"
Homer Simpson said: "Have man-to-man with Bart."
"Cooper! More pink lemon-ale!", Lisa Simpson said.
"Well children, I don't know what you did to all those substitutes, but it's going to stop now. Leopold?" Seymour Skinner replied.
"Look! A shooting star!" Marge Simpson replied.
"TV sucks." Bart Simpson replied.
"What? N.C. Wyeth! These are book illustrations!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Lisa ran away, and it's all my fault! If I'd just let her continue her obsessive relationship with that troubled little girl, everything would've been fine.", Marge Simpson answered.
"I'm sure we will." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "You've been working so hard lately. Maybe you should take a break."
"O.J." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Well, if you really cared about chimps, you'd know that Dr. Bushwell is their best friend.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Um, I've gotta make a phone call.", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "Chat room?"
Marge Simpson responded: "It's eerily beautiful, but are you sure this is safe?"
"Saunter!", Bart Simpson answered.
"Take that, Lisa's beliefs." Homer Simpson said.
"THEY MADE DAD SICKY-MART." Lisa Simpson responded.
"I sure did. I kept it right next to my IBM stock... king.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Hey, where are you going?"
Homer Simpson said: "Woo-hoo!"
Homer Simpson answered "Yes!"
"But, Mom, I thought you'd like it." Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "Perfect!"
"Boring.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "It sure is! There's nothing more natural than... that. It's just that Maggie's already... milked me today!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Ray, you know me better than anyone. How can I get my wife to love me again?"
"Hi, kids. How was Duff Gardens?", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "Yes!"
Moe Szyslak answered "You ever scrub your hands real fast, and think you're seein' a third one? One time I looked down and there really was. I gotta get a new lock for that bathroom."
Lisa Simpson replied "Hey, here's another letter for Bart's People."
"Uh... no. I'm going a different way than you, Dick." Homer Simpson replied.
"Thanks... but I'll pass.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Goodbye, Marge."
"You've got a wonderful family, Homer. Please don't forget it when you walk out that door tonight.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Great at the chewin', not so hot at the swallowing.", Moe Szyslak responded.
Marge Simpson answered "Homer, it's a standing ovation, get up!"
"Hey!", Bart Simpson said.
"Um, where's the body?", Seymour Skinner responded.
"High-five!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Don't worry. You're gonna be just fine. I--"
"Not in the front.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Omigod, the plant's gonna explode!"
"Let's see... we play thirty games... ten at bats a game... three thousand." Homer Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak replied "Pipe down, rub-a-dub."
"Why don't I just pull over?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Ah. Is that my necktie you're wearing?" Seymour Skinner responded.
"Dammit! Son of a --" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Then I heard the sound that all Arctic explorers dread: The pitiless bark of the sea lion. He'll be killed!"
"Yeah, charts are for squares, baby.", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Amble!"
Marge Simpson responded "You stay away from Nelson Muntz."
"So, how was Nelson's party?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak: "Uh, you can't donate that gold to the museum today, 'cause um... uh it's closed, so they can clean under the wangs on the statues."
Marge Simpson replied: "I thought you'd like it. And I'm enjoying the friendship between Showgirl and that seamstress."
Marge Simpson said: "I don't think so."
Homer Simpson replied: "I saved us seats!"
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "-- by the time this paid political announcement is done, every Johnny Lunchpail in this whole stupid state will be eating out of my hand."
Marge Simpson answered: "I see a foot!"
Homer Simpson answered "Man, this is taking forever. I know how to speed things up."
"Good." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Lisa's age seven to nine!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "I realized I could never find the gold without your help. So I made it this week's family outing."
Lisa Simpson responded "Sure!"
Homer Simpson replied "I turned it off."
"Well, Simpson, you were willing to let me go over a waterfall, but you cut operating expenses by six percent, so you're forgiven." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"I was trying to, but the opportunity never came up.", Homer Simpson said.
"Jessica, what are you doing!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Is that plutonium on your gums?", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded "This chair lift sure goes high..."
"Willie, get my Windex!", Seymour Skinner said.
"You win, Bart." Lisa Simpson replied.
"What's up, Cootie Breath?" Bart Simpson replied.
"No way." Lisa Simpson said.
"You had a turn. I want to guess." Seymour Skinner replied.
Moe Szyslak answered: "Yeah, that's enough there, 'Pu. Look, Ned, I know we ain't hung out much, what with your insane fear of drinking and me being banned from the church and all, but ah... but that Maude, she was really something."
Marge Simpson responded: "Hmmm... Hostage negotiations."
Seymour Skinner responded: "First Place goes to Bart Simpson and Martin Prince..."
Homer Simpson said: "Phfft. You'll make new and better friends."
"Don't worry, sweetie. Daddy's got it covered.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "You all know I'm a big fan of American meat. Although, sometimes you've gotta cut off some of the gristle."
"Bart, that is a new low." Lisa Simpson said.
"YEAH! / YOU'RE ONLY HERE 'CAUSE MARGE FORGOT HER PILL.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "IT STILL WASN'T WORTH BURNS' SONG AND DANCE."
"How 'bout Lenny?", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Ahh!"
Homer Simpson replied "Well, gee, Dad, if I wasn't on such a tight schedule--"
"Then me and my friend were about to press it, but the man said not to press it. But we pressed it anyway and we ran and we hid in the giant tire. Oh yeah, and my other friend was already there." Homer Simpson said.
"It's hopeless, ain't it?" Moe Szyslak responded.
"Ooo, everyone's coming over to congratulate us! Humble faces, kids!", Marge Simpson said.
"Otto, I think you should get a job." Marge Simpson said.
"Where did the ship stop again?" Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "You're cooking what for dinner?"
Lisa Simpson responded "But they..."
C. Montgomery Burns said: "You did this? How could you be so irresponsible?"
Marge Simpson responded "But we don't have that kind of money."
"Listen, Flanders, do you still have that store?" Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "We clashed lances on the Champs de Mars, and I have been bested. The plant is yours. Treat her well."
Lisa Simpson answered "Okay, the engine room is just through this flooded area. Somebody has to take the rope, swim through to the other side, and tie it off so we can use it as an underwater guide line."
Homer Simpson said: "I don't know how."
Lisa Simpson answered "Maggie, Maggie."
Homer Simpson responded: "I said, pull my finger."
"I can't miss out! Just one little peek." Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "Well, have you decided what you want to do tomorrow?"
Bart Simpson responded: "Hey, there's a balloon machine in the bathroom!"
"How'd you get in here?" Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "What lifelong dream?"
"Uh, I don't want to judge the rightness of your ego orientation, but my inner critic says you should've done your job!" Marge Simpson answered.
"How do you mean, dad?", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Hey, we stayed for your kids!" Homer Simpson said.
"Not to mention this Power Point demonstration he did just last week." Marge Simpson responded.
"No, there were twelve.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Okay, she's gone. Let's break out of here and have some fun!" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Oooh, it's that new show about the policeman who solves crimes in his spare time."
Marge Simpson said: "Well, I've only read it in books."
Homer Simpson answered: "Will you two shut up? I'm missing precious VJ prattle."
Homer Simpson responded: "Maybe he's cheating on us with the Episcopalians."
"He is stealing!", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "I've been in trouble, but never like this. Guess I'll go turn myself in."
Homer Simpson said "Stupid kids..."
"Who are Beavis and Butthead?", Bart Simpson said.
"You know, I had this very same discussion with your mother ten years ago.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "No way, man. We're gonna keep on rocking forever... forever... forever..."
"No.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "BA, BA / BA BA, BA, BA BA, BA, BA BA, BA, BA..."
Bart Simpson answered "Is Mary here?"
"You'll love it -- it's full of sexy old widows who don't want to die alone.", Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "I always have."
"Dammit! I guess it's time I explain, to these good people, the upcoming..." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Moe Szyslak: "It was either this or put in a ladies room."
"I'm sure you did nothing to discourage this, you scavenger of human misery." Lisa Simpson replied.
"What if I home school?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Is that her?" Bart Simpson answered.
"Walk this way." Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson said "You sent me to the chair."
"Woo hoo! Stop the presses!" Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "All right, I'll get you the materials. But you're building it."
"Well, Dad, if the museum didn't inspire you, maybe you should do something really radical, like Christo.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Fun, too."
Bart Simpson answered: "That's right -- it's tomorrow!"
"TOMATO!" Homer Simpson answered.
"So, how many more weeks do you have off?", Marge Simpson answered.
"NOW HOMER, LISTEN, I'VE HAD ENOUGH! / IN OUR FAMILY VIDEOS, WE HAVE PLAINLY SEEN / YOU'RE A SINGING, DANCING, ENTERTAINMENT MACHINE!" Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "Oh no. Strike?"
"Mmm... I paid a pretty penny for this pretty penny, but it was worth it." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Their flower power is no match for my glower power.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Hi, I'm Homer S."
"Coming right up, sir." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "Oh, oh, oh, me."
"Wowww...." Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered "Shut up!"
"Hm... well, it's practically empty." Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "Why do you come to these meetings?"
Lisa Simpson answered "There is someone among us with a guilty conscience. After much soul searching I decided it would be wrong of me to name names, but I urge that guilty person here, under the eyes of God, to come forward to confess and save yourself from the torment of your own personal hell."
Homer Simpson responded: "Hey, hey, it's not what you think, Lou. Lou! Lou! Lou! Lu-lu-lu-lu-lu-lu-lu-lu!"
"I can hear you." Lisa Simpson said.
"Nooo, I just want to have a heart-to-heart talk." Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, no. I don't want to fall behind my class.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "HUSH, LITTLE BABY, DON'T SAY A WORD / MAMA'S GONNA BUY YOU A MOCKINGBIRD / AND IF THAT MOCKINGBIRD DON'T SING..."
"What's wrong?", Lisa Simpson said.
"Pretty ironic -- a cross being used to kill someone.", Homer Simpson answered.
"My family hates me... my stupid friends kick me out of their stupid party! They'll all be sorry when I invent the world's best-tasting cola... and share it with no one!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Cloning is a troubling issue." Bart Simpson said.
"Dad, you don't have ten thousand dollars.", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "Well, Bart, what do you think of little Lisa?"
Marge Simpson said "A band in a closet! Every girl's dream."
Homer Simpson answered: "A lot of that went in my lungs."
Bart Simpson said "All right."
Homer Simpson answered: "Illegally download it? Is that legal?"
"Lisa, I'd like you to meet Alex Whitney.", Seymour Skinner replied.
Moe Szyslak answered "Hey, get the camera offa me -- I'm narratin' here!"
Marge Simpson answered: "Yee-hah!"
Homer Simpson replied "Well, thought bubble Marge said we should put it in a college fund for Lisa."
Marge Simpson: "It was a footnote. See?"
Lisa Simpson responded "Grampa, you're not dead."
"I know Milhouse. I'll just check all his old haunts.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "I did it. I walked all the way to Moe's from my house."
"I'm sorry, Homie.", Marge Simpson responded.
"I'm afraid so." C. Montgomery Burns said.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Dad, wake up!"
"Oh boy." Homer Simpson responded.
"Yeah. We're gonna get rid of the Christmas tree. It's starting to turn brown." Homer Simpson replied.
"Focused..." Bart Simpson replied.
"Put me down, you lousy-- Wheeee! Okay, I'm warning you-- Wheeee! I'll kill you, you son of a-- Wheeee! All right buddy, that's it, I've had-- Whee--!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Fuhgetaboutit!", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Well..."
Bart Simpson said "So, is this a date date, or just a meaningless friend thing?"
"Huh? Oh. Yeah. Thanks, Lenny." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "Aw, Grampa. We should take lots of pictures of him while we still can."
"Why you little...!", Homer Simpson said.
"I've got a good feeling about this.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Damn! Could my life get any worse?!"
"Enhance!" Seymour Skinner answered.
Homer Simpson said "Well, I think we're on the outs with Him, but I know someone who's even holier than Jesus."
Moe Szyslak said: "They're awesomely outrageous!"
Homer Simpson answered "He-- What the?!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "No, I'm still Buddhist, but I can worship with my family too."
"Sorry dude, I didn't see you.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Next item..." Bart Simpson replied.
"We're going to have another baby." Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Ah! This is what being a kid is all about. Hey, Huck. What's L-I-N-C-O-N doin' here?"
"I have to get to the church. Helen Lovejoy is posting the spring volunteer signup sheet. In five minutes, every good task will be taken! Dang it!" Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Wow, that story had everything: action, treasure, water, a guy... would you like to come to our house for dinner?"
"Need some help?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Ahoy! Have you seen this man?"
"Yes.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Me? But I'm the father."
Homer Simpson responded "Yeah!!! Whoa! Excellent, Marge!"
"Oh, can I come?", Homer Simpson responded.
"I'unno. Think they have videogames?" Bart Simpson responded.
"Oh yeah, my two kids. Screw... and you.", Moe Szyslak answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Homer, can you breathe?!"
"Just move the pedals!" Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Mayday! Mayday!"
Bart Simpson replied: "Nothin'."
"You're a god!... I can't think of any more!" Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "But Grampa..."
Homer Simpson answered "Marge, that's a compact-only space!"
"MY QUILT! Six generations, gone." Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded "Hello, world's worst babysitter speaking."
"Uh, could you just uh... shut off the...", Homer Simpson responded.
"We sneaked into the nearby Peabody Museum. There under the smiling eyes of four stuffed Eskimos, we expressed our love physically, as was the style at the time.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"One snow angel, comin' up.", Homer Simpson responded.
"I love watching the bald guy argue with the fat tub of lard.", Homer Simpson said.
"Auditions will be tomorrow at my estate. And now, our feature presentation." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Yeah! Hell, damn, fart!" Bart Simpson said.
"Thanks, Bart." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Marge, honey, I've got five words to say to you. Greasy Joe's Bottomless Bar-B-Q Pit."
Lisa Simpson replied "Um, I'm not sure this is the best use of my skills."
Homer Simpson responded: "His wife is dead!"
"I'm not afraid of you, Goliath. Before I was arrogant. But now, my heart is humble, and my spirit is..." Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "I can't take it. All Homer does is play that stupid bass! Doink doink doink doink doink doink doink!"
Bart Simpson replied "Do you want me to watch and learn?"
"I gotta get in that casino.", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Ah relax, I'm over it. Why aren't you at the block party?"
Lisa Simpson replied "This is the lowest we've sunk."
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Homer, I agree with you and, if I'm elected governor , I will lower taxes whether those bureaucrats in the State capital like it or not."
"No, no. You want to make American kids work?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Make way for Captain Coolerhead!" Ned Flanders said.
"Isn't that cute? Smithers, he's planning on joining the horsey set. That is it, isn't it? You're not planning to eat it?", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Bart Simpson said "Chicken?"
Homer Simpson said "Oh wait, it was a twist-off."
"Homer, just settle down. We just got a postcard from Maggie.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Where are we?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Yes." Marge Simpson said.
"Grampa, I know in your day spanking was common, but Homer and I just don't believe in that kind of punishment." Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "Aye carumba!"
"Look!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Bart, honey... you're going to miss your bus!", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "...you're hosting my Preteen Braves meeting..."
Marge Simpson replied: "I'm not."
"It worked! They're all dead!" Lisa Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Ah. Soon that mighty apparatus will burst forth with its precious fluid. Almost sexual, isn't it, Smithers?"
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Oh, don't concern yourself. If things had turned ugly I always had my mace."
C. Montgomery Burns: "Simpson!"
"This exhibit is a once-in-a-lifetime event. It's the first time these Egyptian artifacts have been allowed out of England." Lisa Simpson responded.
"AAAAAAHHHHHHHHH. Oh, yes. Oh." Homer Simpson said.
"You know, my great-great grandmother was an Indian. I guess I should've mentioned that before, huh?", Homer Simpson answered.
"I made it the whole day without seeing her again.", Homer Simpson replied.
"It's true. I couldn't even wake you up for work this morning. I had to tell Mr. Burns you had violent diarrhea.", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "See? Dylan is clearly a girrr--"
"Yes. Um, does your plant have a recycling program?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "That doesn't shock me."
Homer Simpson replied "I love the holiday season."
"The boy's still studying?" Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Oh, I don't like everything about them, just their heads. Well, would you care for some wine, old buddy?"
Bart Simpson answered "Deal."
Homer Simpson replied "Did not."
Lisa Simpson said: "I am so scared."
"Mmmm.... sprinkles." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded "Homer, I'm very uncomfortable having a gang of crows in our bedroom."
Lisa Simpson said: "Come on, pretend he meant something to you."
Marge Simpson replied "That's not Bart, it's Principal Skinner. Bart's sitting right next to you."
"PLEASE DON'T HURT OUR FAMILY.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Apu?", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Homer!"
"I'm okay with no friends. It's easier to focus and it'll give me great material for whatever art form I choose. Right now I'm thinking long novella. Goodnight!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"I'm delighted to report that your grade brought the entire school's GPA up to our state's minimum standard. We now qualify for a Basic Assistance Grant. It's the greatest honor the school has ever received! And it's all thanks to you.", Seymour Skinner responded.
"Uh... hm...", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "This is no time to pat the bunny, Maggie. Daddy's watching a very important Mid-Atlantic Hockey League Conference Semi-Final do-over game."
Homer Simpson answered: "Not likely. Heh, heh."
Homer Simpson replied "Happy New Year!"
"Hey Dad, can I borrow the gun tomorrow? I want to scare that old security guard at the bank.", Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "Someone's gotta stop her from going through with this fight. This goes against every feminist bone in my body, but Dad, can't you control your woman?"
"Someone at your school has a life-threatening peanut allergy.", Marge Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner said: "Well technically since she's paying for the room, she brought me."
Homer Simpson said: "I'm pretty sure it wasn't."
Lisa Simpson answered "Meaningless friend thing."
Bart Simpson responded "My bubble, my rules."
"Really? Didn't you just sign a ninety million dollar contract?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Nighty-night!" Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Sentence fragment is also a sentence fragment."
"Yes, yes, hello. Now, I need to find a patsy.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson: "One family, against all odds, took on the system... and lost."
"I'm in an abusive relationship with life. It keeps beating the hell out of me, and I'm too cowardly to leave it. Maybe I could drink myself to death." Homer Simpson replied.
"Normal, normal, normal, normal... uncharacteristic?! Hm, a chew-through. What could have...", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "Are you two bonkers? We almost got killed, not to mention all the embarrassment I suffered."
Homer Simpson responded: "My lady's glass is empty, Moe. Bring her another cookies 'n' creme martini."
Homer Simpson responded "Ahhh."
Homer Simpson answered: "Honey, I am so sorry. I guess we'll just have to learn to love the three children we have."
"Hm, all right, we'll go on the winery tour. But you'll have to catch me first!", Homer Simpson replied.
"My Homie's dead? How will I go on?" Marge Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner: "Just play along."
Bart Simpson answered: "That's it. Cinch it up around the neck."
"Whaat?", Homer Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Guys, this is Frankie from the Health Department. We go way back. Lenny, you don't have to hide that rat."
Bart Simpson answered: "Zumanity by Cirque de Soleil?"
"Sorry, Burns. No deal." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Okay -- Maggie gets a toy!"
Homer Simpson replied: "I thought about what you said, honey, and I've decided to quit."
Lisa Simpson responded "Please don't leave me, George."
Homer Simpson responded: "Is everybody happyyyyy?"
Homer Simpson replied "Nope, nothing, nope, nada, the golden ticket! At long last."
Homer Simpson said: "Don't lie to me boy."
Homer Simpson answered "Y'ello. Hey, Barney... a free movie screening? Of course I can go! I just need somebody to hold down the fort."
"What was the first one again?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh Bart, I knew one of these dumb things would work!", Marge Simpson answered.
"Hey, at least I'm on a path." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Well that's unfortunate. It really is."
Moe Szyslak responded "So what'll it be, Homer?"
Seymour Skinner said "Myra, cancel all my appointments!"
Homer Simpson said "Now that you're a champion, you'll have your pick of the fillies."
"Fine! I can have a great time all by myself!" Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered "I think it's wonderful. Mom and Dad side by side at the power plant. You'll be just like Marie and Pierre Curie."
"Searching for evidence. I know your father's cheating on his diet.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Now granted, I was just a kid, but I say..." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "All the time, sir."
Moe Szyslak replied "But it's me, Moe, wearing a sailor suit. Moe -- with a lolly. It's so out of character. Ain't that worth nothin'?"
"My head hairs! I'm bald!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Go, Chirpy Boy! Go, Bart Junior!", Bart Simpson said.
"Dad?", Bart Simpson responded.
"I'm sorry, Agnes.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Energy Shortage.", Bart Simpson said.
Ned Flanders: "Marge, I've never seen you like this before."
Homer Simpson responded "I need a new job that provides full health benefits."
Moe Szyslak: "I took out the passenger seat to save gas. But I'm gonna use it now. 'Cause we're gonna do the town!"
Homer Simpson said: "Ooh, look at that. Ooh, gingerbread house. Hansel and Gretel are set for life."
"Hello, kids. Everything above the board here? Good. Play friendly, children." Seymour Skinner responded.
"Well, let me tell you a story about a time revenge brought only unhappiness and misery. It happened many years ago in Paris--", Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "Fine, you win. I'll do your shopping for you."
Homer Simpson: "This late? Through the bad neighborhood?"
Marge Simpson responded: "I've never heard of these Movementarians. Are they some kind of church?"
Homer Simpson replied "As you wish, but look not upon her with lust. And do not send her friendly emails. That's how it begins."
"I wanted to, but your mother said kids might tease you.", Homer Simpson said.
"It was me! I was the one who told the FBI.", Marge Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns: "Excellent."
Homer Simpson answered: "We hit the jackpot, here! White gold! Texas tea... sweetener."
Bart Simpson said "I thought you Hindus were supposed to love everybody."
Bart Simpson answered: "Yeah!"
Bart Simpson answered: "How big?"
"Let us kill the English! Their concept of individual rights could undermine the power of our beloved tyrants!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "It's a game. We're not hurtin' anybody."
"I see a hair." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "He's my little brother. That's right -- you're not the only one who can abuse a non-profit organization."
"But I do speak for the common man who does his lousy job, goes to church twice a year and watches women's tennis 'cause he likes to hear 'em grunt. I bet Chuck the cameraman and Steve the sound guy know where I'm coming from." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "When there's cruelty involved, Bart sure knows his history."
"Prove it. Using examples from this room.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Mmm... grapefruit."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Look out!"
"Uh, you forgot apple-bobbing." Seymour Skinner said.
"Well, time to move on with our lives." Bart Simpson said.
"Thou shalt not steal!" Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "Well no one's gonna be lonely tonight."
Lisa Simpson responded "Dad, I'm making the Chiefs my five-star silver bullet special. And with your blessing, I'd like to tie it to the Cowboys plus five at Chicago."
Homer Simpson replied "Fine, I'll cut off your ponytail."
"Indeed. How about a national park?", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Lisa Simpson responded "Stop! Don't shoot my Dad! He's innocent. He wouldn't hurt a fly!"
"The family can't start the day without me!", Marge Simpson said.
"All right, time for my favorite show.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "How did you do all that?"
"I hope it didn't affect you in any way." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"We worked so hard and now it's all gone... We ended up with nothing because the three of us can't share." Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "Selma, I've never seen you so happy. Giggling like a schoolgirl."
Seymour Skinner responded "That's really a cheat, isn't it?"
Lisa Simpson answered "Happy Valentine's."
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Just one second, sweetheart."
Moe Szyslak answered: "Uh, Homer, you're drivin'."
Ned Flanders said: "Yes, sir!"
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Well we'll just see about that."
"The resulting blast would destroy the entire tri-city area, including that guy who sells those Blu-Blocker sunglasses people sometimes wear.", Homer Simpson replied.
"RUBBING STICKS TOGETHER MAKES THE SPARKS IGNITE / AND THE THOUGHT OF LOVING YOU IS GETTIN' SO EXCITING..." Bart Simpson replied.
"Since I got my present early, I think you should get yours early too." Marge Simpson said.
"Hey, cool, Milhouse! You get to be crushed by a truck!" Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "Walt is Sideshow Bob and I'm gonna prove it. Look!"
"This can't be happening!" Seymour Skinner replied.
"We don't need to do that, Marge. I'm not tired. I'm not tired at all.", Homer Simpson said.
"Always." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Marge, I'm always amazed you chose me."
"This is terrible. Can't think of anything to mumble to myself. That's how upset I am here." Moe Szyslak said.
"Excuse me.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Wow, she really likes you. Maybe the next time I need a sitter, and you're not busy..." Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "I wanted a sewing room. But not like this. Not like this!"
Homer Simpson answered "Whoa..."
"Oh, never you mind..." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded "I don't know, Dad. This time of year everybody does it, 'cause you don't have to pay for the music rights."
"Pfft! I'm as healthy as a horse.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "Oh, I knew you loved me boy! Now you can be my dog again."
"I hope we didn't camp out here for nothing. It's like every kid in Springfield showed up.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "OH, I'M BIG AND YELLOW / AND I'M SERVIN' JELL-O / IF YOU'RE A FELLOW AND YOU WANT SOME JELL-O / YOU'D BETTER BELLOW / HEY, BIG GUY / GIMME SOME JELL-O"
"Hm, I'm gonna need a bigger drill." Homer Simpson said.
"I'm just tryin' to dig myself out of a pit of shame." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "The answer is no, Mr. Burns. Not for any amount of money."
"Bart! Stop being confident.", Marge Simpson answered.
"South Pacific?! I didn't agree to...", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "He is. He's paying people eleven dollars an hour to work for him."
Homer Simpson answered "What the--"
Homer Simpson replied: "Okay, everyone, straight ahead is my big surprise!"
"Hey guards! Help! Help!", Bart Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Yes."
"I really didn't want it to come to this...", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Bring back our children, you Cyprus-splitting jerks!"
Lisa Simpson said: "Are you okay?"
Homer Simpson responded "Comin' through! Can't throw me out! My father's a member! I'm in, I'm in!"
"Well, I'd best retrieve them." Seymour Skinner answered.
"That tears it! No more delays!" Moe Szyslak said.
"I didn't do it." Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "Oh, that's wonderful!"
"I'll pay you forty dollars if you think of it for me." Homer Simpson said.
"Yeah, I'd tell you guys I love you, but, uh, I don't wanna say it, and you don't wanna hear it..." Moe Szyslak responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "Oh, look. Bart's all alone. Maybe I should keep him company, at least for a little while."
"Let's just say Lisa gave me an early Christmas present. The gift of dignity." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Now that's interesting."
"Mom, Dad! I'm so sorry I got you into this!", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "Hmmm!"
"It must be exciting to make a different set of beds." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Just give me two minutes.", Bart Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner replied "Yes, but you won't be looking through it. I forbid it. But you don't need a telescope to enjoy astronomy, Bart. There are all the constellations you've heard so much about."
Homer Simpson answered: "All right, we're back to square one. Put on some coffee."
Bart Simpson said: "Ow! Quit it!"
"Nelson, those don't count as Easter Eggs!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Bart! I can't eat bugs anymore. Please, please, take my grasshoppers as far away as you can and release them into the wild." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Hello.", Marge Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak answered: "Hey! He stole my bit!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Don't be scared, Dad. It's not so hard taking care of us."
Lisa Simpson answered "Yayyy!"
Marge Simpson said: "The gypsy said it would."
Lisa Simpson: "I got the idea from every movie ever made."
Homer Simpson answered "Oh, yeah, yeah, right. Uh, just give me one of those crispy shells with meat in it."
"Woo-hoo! Can I get that in lottery tickets, please?", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "See you in hell, brussel sprouts."
Bart Simpson said: "Um... Nah, that's not his style."
"Faster, Barney, faster." Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders answered: "In the last game, our shortstop hit a long foul ball, but the umpire called it a homerun... and I let it go without saying a word. I just don't like the monster I've become."
Homer Simpson replied "I get the drumstick!"
Marge Simpson answered "Homer, drive defensively."
Bart Simpson responded: "I get bored with them... but that won't happen this time."
Lisa Simpson responded "Okay, let me take figure skating."
"It's their hub." Marge Simpson answered.
"Hey, I couldn't leave you kids. You're like my own family. Now check this place out!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Grampa, what happened?", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "Hey, whatcha doin -- studyin'?"
"You're a jerk! I'm telling Mom!" Lisa Simpson said.
"DON'T VOTE FOR ME, KIDS OF SPRINGFIELD / UNLESS YOU WANT AN EFFECTIVE LEADER / I'LL TALK TO TEACHERS / I'LL HANDLE SKINNER / A VOTE FOR LISA / MAKES YOU THE WINNER..." Lisa Simpson said.
"Don't dump me out! I can lose weight! Just give me a chance." Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "No."
"A green spinner to build suspense... and then the big finale, the:" Homer Simpson responded.
"Well, Milhouse, I guess interesting stuff does happen to people in Springfield." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Lisa, how many times have I told you to bow down to our corporate overlords?"
Bart Simpson answered "It was an accident."
Bart Simpson answered: "Yo, sensei, can I go to the bathroom?"
Bart Simpson responded "So what do you think, Lis? Who are the good guys here, the media companies or the internet freedom guys?"
"I'm not a robot, I'm human." Bart Simpson said.
"Oh?" Homer Simpson said.
"I might grease the wheels of justice with some cookies." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Oh, okay."
"Oh, honey. That is egg-ceptional.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Well, that's the end of my shift." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "I am the Bart."
Marge Simpson answered: "Well, if Barney's that important to you, you've gotta work it out. Old friends stick together, like O.J. and A.C., or the Falcon and the Snowman."
Lisa Simpson said "Hey, we know you're tough, Dad. Remember that time you got lost in the forest?"
"Never mind." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Homer!" Moe Szyslak answered.
Marge Simpson answered "Oh, my poor Homie."
Marge Simpson responded "You know what a girl likes, mister. So, can I see you again?"
Homer Simpson: "Mr. McGrew! I love that blind, senile old man."
Moe Szyslak replied: "I can't watch this. I gotta get out of here!"
Lisa Simpson said: "Mr. Szyslak, would you like to buy some band candy?"
Bart Simpson answered: "I please to aim."
"Is not." Lisa Simpson said.
"Aha! A free baseball." Bart Simpson said.
"Which is impossible!", Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "What about Uncle Tyrone?"
"Wait till I get you home, boy.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "The guy owns a few local businesses and everyone treats him like he's God. Well, God doesn't need his own special day!"
"Huh?", Moe Szyslak said.
Marge Simpson answered "Well, thank you very much, Mr....?"
Lisa Simpson said: "I think we should just give him the bear that he cherishes so much."
"Homer, this is a rare lapse in judgment for you." Marge Simpson answered.
"He can't just eat peanuts, Dad. He needs plants to live.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "That's right! Top of the line!"
"Well the one sure cure for the blues is to talk it over with your life partner.", Marge Simpson said.
"THIR-STY / I AM SO THIR-STY / AND HUNGRY AND HORNY / BUT MOSTLY JUST THIR-STY / I AM SO THIR-STY..." Homer Simpson responded.
"That guy was a grifter!", Bart Simpson said.
"So how's the National Grammar Rodeo, Bart?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Hey boy!"
Marge Simpson answered: "Well, I don't think you're my type."
"Yes, that's the one!", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Yeah!" Homer Simpson answered.
"You're up to something, aren't you?" Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh Homer, what are we going to do?"
"Fire the torpedoes!" Homer Simpson responded.
"You know, if Dad never told anyone, that body must still be out there." Lisa Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner answered: "I am your substitute teacher, Sister Mary Elephant. Class, attention, attention, class, class -- shut up! Thank you."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Why is everyone staring at static?"
"Hey, Homer.", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Bart, what do you mean, you have jury duty?" Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "Shake it! Shake it!"
"Hmmm..." Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "Dear Bart and Lisa..."
"Okay, it's the standard Grampa drill. Everybody into the cellar!" Homer Simpson said.
"It is?", Marge Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Prepare for the adventure of a lifetime as you fight for survival against the merciless forces of nature! Toe your marks, get set, go!"
"It's nice to see a realistic single woman on TV." Homer Simpson said.
"I got the recipe from the Utility Grade Beef Counsel.", Marge Simpson responded.
"No problem." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Homer, you're not listening!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Yello?"
"No. No. Stay away from my wife, Bart.", Homer Simpson responded.
"No.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Yes!", Lisa Simpson said.
Ned Flanders answered: "Well, it looks good... and it sounds pretty too."
Homer Simpson responded "Don't worry, son. If that bothers you, I'll destroy something Maggie loves."
Marge Simpson said "So, did you kids have fun?"
Bart Simpson said "Don't make me say it. I know the answer, you know the answer, he knows the answer, let's just drop it. Okay?"
Marge Simpson said "How could you both miss the bus to school?"
Moe Szyslak: "And what do you have to tell us, oh, Angel of the Future?"
Lisa Simpson answered "TWO CAN BE AS BAD AS ONE / IT'S THE LONELIEST NUMBER SINCE THE NUMBER ONE..."
"Excuse me, sir. I can't find my children.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Hmmm..."
Lisa Simpson replied "Thank you."
"I invited Selma here to watch Grampa watch the kids.", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "Look out, chicks! The silver fox is coming to the hen house!"
Bart Simpson responded "Vroom vroom. Vroom vroom... Vroom, vroom."
"Sherlock Holmes is a character.", Ned Flanders responded.
"Good idea. I'll be hiding behind that tree." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Oh, that's it. I give up."
Marge Simpson: "I don't know... I'm starting to think we're prying too much into people's lives, and this room isn't really the best place for Maggie to hang out."
"We're putting an end to your insane Valentine's rampage. Never again will good, lazy men have to... What the--?", Homer Simpson responded.
"For preaching Christianity to the Romans, the Emperor Diocletian sentenced him to death by hail of arrows." Bart Simpson said.
"Wow! / Alright! / Cool!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"This is ridiculous. Only babies and ex-junkies are afraid of needles. Stick me, Chuckles!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Good evening, adults.", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "No, oh, Artie!"
Homer Simpson replied "Oh, Lord... you saved me. I guess you had some higher purpose in mind."
Bart Simpson responded: "Sorry."
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Actually, I'm standing in front of you."
Homer Simpson answered "Ooh, that'll save some time."
Ned Flanders responded: "Well where's your super-team now?"
"Sheez!" Homer Simpson answered.
"I know you feel bad about the juice incident, but I'm sure you can make up for it somehow.", Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "Oh well."
"I still feel it. It's so itchy. Itchy...", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Well, Bart, looks like it's just you and... Ohhh."
Lisa Simpson said "Where are you?! Are you okay?"
Homer Simpson answered "Well, at least we're all in this together."
Homer Simpson answered "I found them on the night stand this morning. I guess they weren't his cup of tea. Don't worry about it."
"I'll do it! I'll babysit!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "But I'm so pretty."
"So with tax, how much was it?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied: "How humiliating."
Bart Simpson answered: "Fine and dandy?"
Homer Simpson: "Buzz off, Giuseppe."
Marge Simpson: "Well, it's not that I don't love the guy. I'm always sticking up for him. It's just that he's so self-centered."
Homer Simpson replied: "Well, I'm not sure, but it mighta happened when I was six."
"NOW WHAT'S THAT RULE?", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "Oh, this is perfect."
Moe Szyslak answered "Aw, that's great. Thank you, thanks a lot. Ah, I just wanna say that it was an honor for me to compete with the Mick and the uh, the chick with the rack, there."
"If you're gonna get mad at me every time I do something stupid, then I guess I'll just have to stop doing stupid things." Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "I'm alive!"
"Duh! It's Kamper Kong.", Bart Simpson answered.
"So what about all this meat?", Ned Flanders replied.
Marge Simpson answered "We'll all be killed!"
Seymour Skinner answered: "Don't make me do this."
Seymour Skinner said: "When I catch the culprit, and I will, I'm gonna throw this away..."
"Next." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Ridin' high! Sinkin' low! Top of the heap! Down I go! On top for good! Oh, cruel hubris!"
"Ralph and I could do the report together." Lisa Simpson responded.
"No." Bart Simpson answered.
"Locked.", Marge Simpson said.
"Gentlemen..." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"A common problem. Try this." Homer Simpson answered.
"Hey Barney, how 'bout a free beer?", Moe Szyslak responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Free it is!"
Homer Simpson: "Hey, I'm not running an employment service, you old ba-- Oh-ho-ho, you mean me? I'd be delighted."
"Sorry man, it's still too soon.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Destroy! Destroy! Boy, look at that iron work." Bart Simpson responded.
"Hello, Mister Lobster.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "That bird I killed was their mother. I don't want her babies to die, too."
Bart Simpson answered: "Yeee-hawww!"
"No, no, no, no, no, I think you're beautiful.", Ned Flanders answered.
Marge Simpson: "Let's see how your sister's doing in the place-setting competition."
Bart Simpson replied "Finally, I'm gonna take an x-ray, so lie perfectly still for twenty minutes."
Homer Simpson: "Moonshine in the water? I'll be the judge of that."
"Really, mother?", Seymour Skinner responded.
Homer Simpson said: "So, which do you prefer, m'lady? Tom Selleck, Rollie Fingers or Pringles Man?"
Bart Simpson responded "My name is Jimbo Jones and I live at 1094 Evergreen Terrace."
"Y'ever been huntin' before there, Barty?" Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson responded: "No, mon, let's go home to Jamaica. I and I been in Babylon too long."
Homer Simpson said: "I feel validated by that."
"I was short-staffed and your father volunteered. Actually, I was wondering if you two might want to lend a hand.", Marge Simpson answered.
"I ordered it for my little girl. Heh... heh." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Why does that woman thwart my sporadic interest in my children? Shouldn't Bart and I be able to choose our own religion if we want to?"
Lisa Simpson: "You started off as the bad cop. But now you're the good one. You and Willie got mixed up about ten minutes ago."
"Oh, I blame myself for this.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "But I'm a U.S. citizen."
C. Montgomery Burns responded "You've already done enough, Nader."
Homer Simpson replied "I think you'll be pleasantly surprised."
"Uh-oh.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "Why hello, Mrs. Bush."
Marge Simpson responded: "ING..."
Homer Simpson replied: "No one's gonna pay a buck to drink water from your hose --"
"Good news, my delicious friend! You're going to be a free-range lobster.", Homer Simpson said.
"Yes!", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Off you go."
Homer Simpson replied: "It's amazing. He tastes just like Jeffrey Tambor."
Marge Simpson answered "Well, I think we better set an example."
"The chimps are running a diamond mine?!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "Kids, everything's going to be okay! Don't panic! Just don't panic!"
Homer Simpson said: "Okay, you go save Lisa. I'll stay here with the women."
Bart Simpson answered "Uh, here's a better sign, Dad."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Eeney, meany, miney... ugh, him."
Homer Simpson: "Herb?"
Marge Simpson said "Apu, come quick! You're missing the miracle!"
Seymour Skinner replied "Wait! Don't matriculate those students!"
"Hey, what are you doing?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Hey, dad. This came for you in the mail.", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "What are those, Grampa?"
"What'd you say?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Wow. Wow. Between your genius and my nothing, we make a great team. Come on, give me a hug.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Interesting proposal. Now with an opposing point of view: bubbles."
Bart Simpson said: "Papa, may we have chocolat?"
Bart Simpson replied "I'm never gonna get a cell phone!"
"Hear me out, Simpson. I don't want you to come back as a Technical Supervisor, or Supervising Technician, or whatever the hell you used to do. I want you to be in charge of safety here at the plant." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Look, I just want to know how to invent things. Tell me."
"Okay, here's the deal. Crowns and doubloons are mine. Snuff boxes and cameos are yours. Now as for wands and scepters..." Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "Hey Dad, will you read me a bedtime story?"
Marge Simpson replied "Excuse me, hobo. Can you play something a little less unnerving?"
"That old man over there isn't even making a transaction. He just wants someone to talk to!", Marge Simpson responded.
"Ech! I heard that one 75 years ago.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Marge Simpson responded: "Just as you predicted."
Homer Simpson said "Yeah."
Homer Simpson answered "Ned, Praiseland has touched an entire town with its inspiring message and toxic super-freakouts. Look at those smiling faces."
"Now son, they do a lot of quality programming, too.", Homer Simpson said.
"Homer, we've gotta get Lisa!" Marge Simpson answered.
"In here, Mom. But don't open the--", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Ay carumba!"
"Hmmm... business deal." Homer Simpson responded.
"Who the hell are you?" Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner: "This is W-A-3-Q-I-ZED. Do you read me?"
Marge Simpson replied: "Lenny says we've got the day off! Yippee!"
"You can't take it back. You had your name engraved on it." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "I'm very happy to meet you."
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Hurry, Smithers. Halloween is upon us. Put up the decoration."
Homer Simpson answered "Even I think this is crazy."
"Come on, elephant. Put me down! Hey, everyone seems upside down." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Did somebody say num num?"
Lisa Simpson replied: "Yes?"
Marge Simpson answered "Homer, he obviously got out alive if he wrote the article."
Bart Simpson: "People, please. The only way Lisa can bust me is if she finds someone who can prove I was at that rap show. And I know just where she can find that someone. Let's go cover our asses!"
"You found a corpse when you were twelve? No wonder you've been so traumatized." Marge Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner replied: "So now you know, pranks do not pay."
Homer Simpson said: "You're on!"
"It's beautiful.", Homer Simpson replied.
"No.", Marge Simpson said.
"Oh, the happy sound of a blender.", Marge Simpson said.
"Please, Dr. Koop. Let me demonstrate.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Hi, Ralph. You were great tonight."
"Y... Y... Y... Let's see, so many letters to choose from. I'll pick Y." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "You sure you're not mad?"
Ned Flanders replied "Uh, be careful there, Homer. That is sort of a new table."
Lisa Simpson said "You look nice, is all."
Homer Simpson answered "Woo hoo!"
"What's a dime store?", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Stay where I can see you, honey..."
"I gotta get outta here.", Homer Simpson answered.
"You know what?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Yeah, you should go to bed, Grampa. We've had a big day." Bart Simpson said.
"Ahh, you got lucky, Flanders! And fix that hat!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "I don't care what excuse you've got, nothing's gonna stop me in the middle of this speech, you're gonna -- lemon tree?!!"
"No. Because you're wearing a bib.", Marge Simpson responded.
"I'm okay." Homer Simpson said.
"Stop it! Stop it! Don't you realize you've just been brainwashed by corporate propaganda?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Tell him how you feel." Homer Simpson responded.
"Hey, screw this. I'm not gonna let any human tell me what to do.", Moe Szyslak responded.
Bart Simpson: "Dad!"
"Ah, geez. How come they never call traveling anymore?", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Gotcha."
"And save humanity will ya." Moe Szyslak replied.
"Wow, I'm just twenty balls away from a cell phone!", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Or worse, am I right?"
Bart Simpson replied "TWINKLE TWINKLE LITTLE STAR / HOW I WONDER WHAT YOU ARE /"
"Dad, that's creepy." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Playing cards, notepad, aspirin, sewing kit, pilot's wing pin, propellor-shaped swizzle stick, sleeping mask and anything else I've got coming to me."
"I call it the Burns Omni-Net. It sweeps the sea clean.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Hey, I had Lenny's name on that!" Homer Simpson answered.
"...Squeaky stair here... scary portrait there...", Homer Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner responded "Strum... strum... strum..."
"Yeah, and that's not all. Why don't you tell 'em about it, Moe?" Moe Szyslak replied.
"Precious? I think I hear the doorbell.", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "C'mon, Dad. I gotta go to the bathroom."
Homer Simpson responded "Name one way I'm not!"
Homer Simpson responded "That's my car!"
Marge Simpson replied "What are you doing in the basement? It's like you're hiding out down here."
"The best performance of your life?" Marge Simpson responded.
"I thought you might want to have a nice family dinner.", Bart Simpson said.
"My poor jar. Oh, why didn't I take more photos?" Moe Szyslak said.
"Powerful work. And now he's going to make a documentary about Springfield Elementary, which I assume will be glowing and positive, unlike all of his other work." Seymour Skinner replied.
"All the more reason to hurry up. Hey, what could be going a hundred miles per --" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Wait a second..."
"Eh, too predictable. The way I see it, instead of shampoo Itchy covers Scratchy's hair with barbecue sauce... opens a box of flesh-eating ants... and the rest writes itself." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Who the hell is Banquo?"
Homer Simpson said "Just be yourself."
"Or we could go to Walter Gropius's Bauhaus Village?" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Poor Ralph." Lisa Simpson answered.
"If I want you to bunt, I will touch my belt buckle not once, not twice, but thrice...", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Go ahead and laugh! We have a better town bird!" Seymour Skinner replied.
"Wuh-oh!" Bart Simpson replied.
"Can you chew with your mouth closed? It's like looking into a garbage disposal." Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "Hey, you're right, I am."
"Alright, don't whine. Just put it in my left hand.", Marge Simpson answered.
"I dig the Wig! I dig the Wig!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Aw Dad, I wish there was something I could do." Homer Simpson said.
"Uh, it's holding in my hernia.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"Mom, it's so superficial to judge our new neighbor based on his furniture. He drives a hybrid!", Lisa Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Oh, sweet mother of Mary!"
"I know you're joking -- but it is! Say, why don't you put on your swimsuit and head for the beach?" Marge Simpson answered.
"And now please welcome the Elvis of Enlightenment... the lean, serene, chanting machine: the Dalai Lama!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "How much longer is this going to go on?"
Homer Simpson answered "Yeah, big surprise. Hey Marge, here's another bomb: I like beer."
"Excellent.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Yes! Yesssss!" Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "I'm gonna take stuff from the lost and found!"
"Goodbye, Helen.", Marge Simpson said.
"Don't you hate pants?", Homer Simpson replied.
"That's odd. It's eleven fifteen in the morning and the bar is empty." Moe Szyslak replied.
Marge Simpson: "You do love her, don't you?"
"What are you waitin' for? Wreck the school. You know you wanna.", Bart Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner said: "Oh, I'll do it."
C. Montgomery Burns: "...it means the signal is a fake."
"C'mon, man, leave me alone.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Peanut?!", Seymour Skinner replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "Guess what -- Hugh and I are getting married."
"Good news." Homer Simpson responded.
"Look at me, sittin' here depressed when I'm surrounded by the happiest people in the world: writers.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"All right family, I want the truth. Don't pull any punches. Am I just a little bit overweight?" Homer Simpson said.
"I think it's great you're a teacher, Dad. So, will you be lecturing from a standardized text or using the more Socratic method of interactive class participation?" Lisa Simpson said.
"It's not yours, Bart! This is family glue!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"If you defeat this madman, I'll release you from your pledge and teach you other fun ways not to get pregnant.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Ah, whatever. Just give me a Duff." Homer Simpson answered.
"Practice ball! Practice ball!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Uh, mom?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"I'm sorry, Dad. These girls are nice on the surface, but it's hard work staying this shallow. I hope you understand." Lisa Simpson said.
"Yes?", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "If it wasn't you, then who was it?"
"Well no one else seems to share the same spirit of camaraderie." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "No, no. He doesn't know he's coming to dinner. I didn't think he'd come, so I called and said I had something really important to tell him and that I could only tell him about it here."
Homer Simpson replied "Hey, your kid is in the movie -- and the movie knows his name. Maybe Lisa will like this better than the diary. Stupid Flanders, you're a genius!"
Bart Simpson responded: "Shut up... I wanted them to like me."
Homer Simpson replied: "Shut up! It's my car, and I say we're going to the lost city of gold!"
"ROLL IN HAY!", Homer Simpson said.
"Bart, do you have something nice to say to your father?" Marge Simpson replied.
"All right!", Bart Simpson said.
"On... off... on... off." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "What, dear?"
"Mr. Simpson?" Marge Simpson responded.
"I was gonna be King of Cheeseburger Mountain. Did I change or did they stop making mountains out of cheeseburgers? Probably a little bit of both." Homer Simpson answered.
"But you have proof! We could go get that confession out of Jebediah's fife.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Hello, Mom? Fine. You know, Abe had a very nice time with you last Sunday..." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Get it away!"
Bart Simpson responded "Way to go, Lis. I mean, why compete with someone who's just gonna kick your butt anyway?"
"This is such a big step!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak replied "Wait, wait, wait -- then that guy wasn't squeezin' my 'roids when he invited me to the Wordloaf Festival in Vermont?"
Moe Szyslak said "Nope. Whatcha wearin'?"
Ned Flanders replied "I can't believe I was such a terror."
Homer Simpson replied: "U.S.A.! U.S.A.! U.S.--"
Homer Simpson: "Yesss! Nobody messes with the mayor when Homer Simpson's on -- Aw, crap."
"The sugar cookies you speak of. Are they real or symbolic?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Ladles and jellyspoons, I will now take going low to new heights. I will swallow anything -- and I mean anything -- you people throw." Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "Herb, I appreciate your generosity, but I don't need any gift from you."
Marge Simpson replied: "Let's do this thing."
"I'm so happy to be getting my husband back." Marge Simpson replied.
"Am I gonna die on a playground, like some uncoordinated child?" Homer Simpson replied.
"That's not really what I was--", Marge Simpson answered.
"Mac-who?", Homer Simpson said.
"Well, she's into Buddhism, whistle-blowing, totally against pollution no matter what I say..." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "It's so kind of you to live there so our kids can go to a better school."
"Bye, ladies. You can text-message me any time." Marge Simpson said.
"All right! Girls night out! Exotic male dancers at the Golden Banana!" Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "Krusty, you know her?"
Homer Simpson answered "Ever heard of a little thing called the Internet?"
Lisa Simpson said "Maggie, something happened to Mom and I'm gonna find out what and when."
"It's all in the Bible, son! It's the Prankster's Bible!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Jackknifed sugar truck. Sugar?"
Bart Simpson said: "Let's see someone claim that money now."
Lisa Simpson said: "But, Dad. We're simple people with simple values. Capital City is too big and too complex. Everyone in Springfield knows us and has forgiven us."
"What're you talkin' about?" Bart Simpson answered.
"Great news, honey! Burns made me a freelance consultant!", Homer Simpson said.
"Hi. How are you?" Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Alaska, we've never met, but everyone thinks I'm your best friend."
"Oh Smithers, let's not be so cold. His spirit is my collateral. Just sign this form and the money will be yours." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Not garbage, Americana." Homer Simpson said.
"Yo." Bart Simpson answered.
"Hmmm..." Homer Simpson responded.
"Stop, Homer! Stop it! Let me out!" Marge Simpson said.
"A friend bought it for me.", Homer Simpson said.
"I know. Doesn't it just honk you off?" Seymour Skinner replied.
"Damn! They're very slowly getting away." Seymour Skinner responded.
"Pfft. You'll never out-sit me.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Writing's for nerds." Homer Simpson responded.
"Hey, who's up for some cartoons?" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "When I'm happy, I make birdhouses!"
Bart Simpson answered: "TES-TI-FY! / TES-TI-FY!"
"Joke's on you, I needed a trim!" Ned Flanders said.
Bart Simpson replied: "No sir."
Lisa Simpson responded "Nothing like fresh air."
"This poor man must've been out there for days!", Marge Simpson responded.
"Kids, I was thinking... was it really such a great idea to invite your father to that dinner?" Marge Simpson replied.
"I'm doing my job!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "A boat!"
Homer Simpson said "Don't feel bad, boy. Everyone makes mistakes. Yours is just public and expensive."
"Bart?!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak replied: "What do we got here, Bowie knife, troll doll, glass eye..."
Marge Simpson said: "You didn't see a boy lose his swim trunks, did you?"
"LISA IT'S YOUR BIRTHDAY / HAPPY BIRTHDAY LISA..." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "They'll grow back, right?"
"I'll assemble it myself." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "From this day forward, I am an inventor!"
"Wow. How many Pulitzer Prizes winners can do that?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Remember that talk we had about you not wrecking people's weddings?"
Marge Simpson answered: "Mmm... new cushion smell!"
Marge Simpson said "The door's open! I think someone broke in!"
"The Human Donkey..." C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Wow, a former president, living right across the street!", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "No, no, no. You think this is about money? Well, it's not. It's worse, Marge. I'm afraid that from now on when I look at you, I'm not gonna see the wife by my side or the mother of my children. I'm just gonna see the dame who blew my one big chance."
Homer Simpson answered: "No, the Army said I was too heavy. The police said I was too dumb."
Seymour Skinner said "Scotch? Vodka? Gin? I've got everything you want."
Lisa Simpson said "Oh no!"
"Do-I-have-cooties? No. Oh, this home testing kit saved me a fortune." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Well... I guess we'll have to talk it over."
Bart Simpson replied: "No, play!"
Marge Simpson said "Maybe when the Tooth Fairy saw it was your last baby tooth, she realized you're not a little boy anymore. So she gave you a grown-up gift."
"Fine, lemonade's for babies anyway! I'm going to Moe's, for beer! Have fun drinking your lemonade, babies!", Homer Simpson answered.
"But she'll live on forever in what you did today." Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded "You did it, Moe!"
"While the boys are gone, we'll sell all their useless junk and replace it with knickknacks and curios." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Uh, may I speak to you, Majesty, father to father?"
"I'll just be a second, Marge. I'm going to get some beer for those kids over there.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded: "She doesn't want to end up like me?!"
Marge Simpson said "This is a pamphlet for chimney sweeping."
"That's my Italian tutor!" Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "Thanks, guys."
"You don't have the guts.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "I think Bart's stupid again, Mom."
"Well, of course. These pants come off at night just like everyone else's. But tell me, why all the questions?", Seymour Skinner responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "She knows."
Homer Simpson responded "Woo hoo!"
"Nobody! You're just gonna break into everyone's house and steal their favorite toy." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "I won a free soda! I am a god!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, Greystash. Greystash! Oh, hello, Lisa."
Homer Simpson: "Hi, girls."
Marge Simpson replied: "Can you believe this, Homer? ... Homer? ... Homer?"
"Is that air-popped?" Seymour Skinner replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Then why is he attacking all those other elephants?"
"Son of a beach ball, they're gone!", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "Well, Lisa's recital starts at five o'clock. We could go to both."
"Lisa, can you come down?" Homer Simpson answered.
"You've made that promise before.", Marge Simpson said.
"Die, ya bastard!" Moe Szyslak said.
Bart Simpson responded "Dang."
Homer Simpson said "Why of course! Even if I don't have a legal obligation to pay, it's clearly the right thing to do."
"Maybe we can. My name's Ned Flanders, and I'm here every week. Rain or shine.", Ned Flanders responded.
"Oh." Marge Simpson responded.
"There's gonna be a breakout tonight.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "You heard?"
"Then what?", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Seymour Skinner answered "No, no there's no need for that... it's already named after me."
Lisa Simpson said: "I got it! Woo hoo! I mean... splendid."
Bart Simpson responded "Good morning, father dear. Hope you're well."
"And my own medicine!", Homer Simpson said.
"All right. Mr. Burns, I'm gonna show you that not all of us in this town are vindictive and cruel." Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "It guarantees all of the basic freedoms -- speech, religion, the right to a speedy trial..."
"Junk... junk... the airplane's upside down... Strad-i-who-vius?...", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "If you fall asleep with them, will you even burn to death?"
Homer Simpson said "What the?! If this kid's Dad isn't here in one second he's going in the garbage can."
"It was I, you fools! The man you trusted isn't Wavy Gravy at all!" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Oh look, it's Kathy! How are things in personnel?" C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Bart, I'm very impressed at the independent learning you've displayed here." Seymour Skinner answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "I had a little accident in chemistry today."
Bart Simpson responded: "Whoa. Maybe some punk kid will shoot me to get into a gang."
Bart Simpson responded "We are rubber, you are glue."
Lisa Simpson answered: "All right, then we'll call your husband: Grampa."
Homer Simpson answered "I don't know. After living like a billionaire, this place is kind of a dump."
"That was too easy." Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Yes, ma'am."
"Fruit is nature's candy!", Marge Simpson replied.
"C'mom pal, I don't wanna hear your life story. Paw me!", Homer Simpson said.
"Yes, Superintendent Chalmers?", Seymour Skinner answered.
"Aunt Selma, this may be presumptuous, but have you ever considered artificial insemination?" Lisa Simpson replied.
"How could I read my essay now? I don't believe my own words.", Lisa Simpson said.
"I will." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Oh, they drugged the tea. They knew my one weakness."
"Awww." Homer Simpson said.
"I have a to do pile?", Homer Simpson said.
"Relax. It's only Mojo. Mojo, Marge. Marge, Mojo. He can do anything you show him. Watch." Homer Simpson said.
"Homie, what happened?" Marge Simpson responded.
"One of you said something bad about the other." Lisa Simpson said.
"It's Ray! I see him again! Monster! You don't exist.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, Lisa, there's no record of a hurricane ever hitting Springfield."
"Why, it's Luke, and Obie-Wan... and my favorite, Chewie. They're all here! What do you think?" Seymour Skinner answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Rise my pretties! Find our enemies and capture their image in your filmy fortress!"
"Sorry, man.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Don't you think it's weird that dad stopped eating pork and drinking beer?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Dum got a job at the Tower of London... as a Beefeater!", Marge Simpson answered.
"Ay carumba." Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Well, did he take all the blue roses with him?"
"Hidilly ho!" Ned Flanders answered.
Homer Simpson answered "I don't know what to say."
"I don't understand." Homer Simpson answered.
"We need to have a conversation in loud whispers.", Marge Simpson said.
"Um... where's Santa's Little Helper?", Bart Simpson responded.
"Badger, my ass. It's probably Milhouse." Homer Simpson said.
"Hi, Simpson! Having fun?" Ned Flanders replied.
"Can I help you, stranger?" Ned Flanders replied.
Homer Simpson answered "You broke a promise to your child."
Homer Simpson responded "Hey pal, howya doin'?"
"Bart! The Internet is more than a global pornography network. It's a...", Lisa Simpson said.
"Well, like all Americans, fast.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Shucks, Lisa. You sure have taken a shine to that cowpoke." Marge Simpson responded.
"Ha! Ha! Ha! That's for Clydes, baby. A little fire can't hurt you." Ned Flanders answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Well, my special mix tape will get you going."
Homer Simpson replied: "Me having to read all those plays would be the real tragedy."
Homer Simpson said: "Did you have fun with your robot buddy?"
Marge Simpson replied "Oh, I'm so sorry."
"YOU'LL BE OH SO PLEASED / WHEN THE O.J. IS FRESHLY-SQUEEZED / AND TOAST IS MADE FROM HOMEMADE" Homer Simpson responded.
"I'm disappointed in you, but it turns out I had a wonderful time with Ruth Powers. In fact, we're going out again tomorrow night.", Marge Simpson said.
"Oooh.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "So, how's that new block I got you?"
"And it still works!" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "You gotta get on your game, sister. You think I'm tough? Wait till Gutierrez sinks her teeth into you."
"Stranded? What's that?", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Marge, he's way the Hell up there."
"And Bart's missing too!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak said "Gentlemen, the moment has finally arrived."
Homer Simpson replied: "Heads up. Comin' through. Look out! Hey, volley ball. Can I play later? Hi, Apu."
Bart Simpson said: "Krusty, my man, you finally hit it big."
Moe Szyslak responded "I can't believe this happened to me twice."
"That rib always breaks.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Marge Simpson said "Ooooh."
"Dad!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"What's she got against me?", Bart Simpson said.
"Sorry I asked.", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "I'm not sure if you gave my son any... extra help. But if you did, thank you."
"None." Moe Szyslak said.
Marge Simpson replied: "No, he's disappeared. Oh, I'm in way over my head. I mean, where do the helpers turn when they need help?"
Moe Szyslak answered: "Oh, God."
Homer Simpson said "Follow me."
"Ooo, I'm getting a message from your father's fantasy football league. I must still be logged in as him.", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "Now if you'll excuse me, I've got some dust that needs busting."
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Hi, Dr. Nick!"
"Oh, absolutely! Well, you know, anything by Jane Austen...", Lisa Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner responded: "Splendid! Shall we discuss music, or the weather?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh yeah? And where might that be? Oh."
"Careful... Careful...", Bart Simpson responded.
"I wouldn't bother him, honey. He's making some kind of model for a contest. He says it's really high-tech stuff that we wouldn't understand." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "This watermelon won't know what hit it."
"I'm so happy!" Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "You can start with the rinse!"
Marge Simpson replied "Now, keep the lettuce separate until 11:30. That way, the lettuce stays moist and the bread stays dry! Eh? Eh?"
"Can you tell me if I have what it takes to be a blues musician?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "What gives? He's not crawlin' back."
"A little to the left.", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "Dad, why'd you shut our dog in a cabinet?"
Homer Simpson responded "But Marge, I'm obsessed with it! Where did it come from? What is it a box of? How'd my face get on it?!"
"I'm Bart Simpson." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Oh, my God!"
"The fat guy on TV?" Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "What should I do, Lord? Give me a sign."
Homer Simpson replied "If I had hair, you wouldn't be calling me that."
"Time's up?!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "Well, we could play Clam Traffic Jam... Or the game of County Seats!"
"This is the coolest sushi restaurant in town! It got three-and-a-half stars in the Springfield Tire Guide!" Marge Simpson said.
"Fine." Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson: "You are the true Dauphin. You had this impostor try to fool me, to see if I was truly sent by God."
Homer Simpson responded "Well, I was taking a moment to enjoy my after dinner night cap..."
"Homer, I can't believe I was thinking of letting you touch my elbow through a cloth!", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "Well, you talk like Marge, sorry I set the bed on fire."
"Well, you bought all those smoke alarms and we haven't had a single fire.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Re-straint! Re-straint! Re-straint!"
"Now if there's anything, anything at all I can do to help out..." Marge Simpson replied.
"Help! Bad monkey!" Homer Simpson answered.
"The father of the boy who doesn't win has to mow the lawn in his wife's Sunday dress.", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "Fine. I was hoping you and your friends could tell me something about baseball strategy."
"Uh, you know, pretty ones. Like that.", Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner answered: "Homer, you're still talking to me!"
Homer Simpson said "All right, dare."
Ned Flanders answered "Well, Toddy, you know how I said our friends are like the Canaanites? Today I realized they're more like the Midianites."
Bart Simpson: "S'allright?"
Bart Simpson: "I miss prison."
"You're all I have left. I trust you completely." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "That's it! I'll make money with a chauffeur job. Good thing you turned on that TV, Lisa."
"Devil beard?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Eep." Lisa Simpson said.
"I'm fine. Fine! It's funny, but... hurting your feelings made me feel better.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Stomp it! Crush it! Kill it!"
"Even on the soles of her shoes.", Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson: "What if you just taught me one trick?"
"Got what, Homer?", Marge Simpson responded.
"Don't be a sap, Dad. These are just crappy knock-offs." Bart Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner replied "And what if I say no?"
Homer Simpson responded "So, did I pass?"
Lisa Simpson: "You got highlights in your hair!"
Bart Simpson replied: "The doctor did say surgery might help... but it costs seventy-eight thousand dollars!"
Homer Simpson: "Okay, we'll work this out together. First things first: where is Knoxville?"
"...so you see, it was my fault. I got Mrs. Krabappel drunk. And then I was gonna do the same thing to Zack, but I decided it was better to just tell the truth.", Bart Simpson responded.
"If you don't eat your relish, you're not getting any mayonnaise.", Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson replied "Really? Well she's still great!"
"Jesse?", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Principal Skinner, wait! I created the universe! Give me the gift certificate!", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Marge."
"Dad, can I ask you a question?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Well, I'll have to pull a few strings with the boys in Security, but sure, you bet." Homer Simpson replied.
"Doggone it. I'm less popular than the hornet's nest in the gym.", Seymour Skinner replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh well, I could use a good laugh."
"Count Fudge-ula? I thought you wanted to get off the stuff.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Uh, just a second. Hey, Marge. Yeah, I'm workin' late. Yep, special project.", Homer Simpson replied.
"All right, Burnsie." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "Good ol' Bluey."
"Any moment..." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "That chair might be the only one he made."
"Oh no! I pepper sprayed Ralph!", Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "Homer? You have visitors."
Lisa Simpson said: "Take it, Bart!"
"My boy's okay!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Not at all.", Bart Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak said "Hey, Homer. I could hear your pathetic rationalizing through the door."
"I'll be back in three hours. Maybe less. But almost certainly more." Seymour Skinner answered.
"Must have cost a fortune.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Oooh, an institute!", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "Thanks for the real working light saber!"
Marge Simpson responded "Homer, you're doing drugs!"
"Well, that's no promise at all!" Marge Simpson said.
"Goodbye." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Uh, a seagull took my sailor hat."
"Carl?", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "'Fraid so."
"Here you go. Just stop this bank robbery and you'll be a hero again. I'll wait in the car." Homer Simpson answered.
"1501 W-- East Oak Street.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "C'mon, you're here to make friends."
Homer Simpson replied "Oh, that's it! I'm telling Mr. Stupidest man alive what I really thought of his movie! Hey, Gibson!"
Seymour Skinner answered: "Well... I'm sorry, but, ah, I can't give up the woman I love."
"I mean, do you think my mother's out there somewhere? Does she know I feel bad about things I said?", Homer Simpson replied.
"What secrets?", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Why, who are you?" Moe Szyslak answered.
"Bitchin'.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Booo! You rot!"
"Hey, Mom. Thanks for comin' out.", Bart Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns said "Smithers..."
"Kids, if you get lost, remember where we are: seventy-five beds from that wall, and a hundred beds from the crazy guy.", Homer Simpson replied.
"See? Now wouldn't you love to see that move, performed by a cartoon possum?" Homer Simpson said.
"Mitch, you're doing a bang-up job." Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "It worked!"
"Look, the Eagles and the Falcons. Tell me you're not interested in that." Homer Simpson replied.
"I haven't done the laundry yet." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "He gets it from your side of the family, you know. No monsters on my side."
"My bully is my teacher." Lisa Simpson replied.
"This is the hardest thing I've ever had to do. But I'm letting you go.", Seymour Skinner replied.
"And I'm a wonderful man." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded "The TV! The TV!"
"Dah! What the...?" Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Sit. Sit. Sit! Sit! SIT!!!"
Homer Simpson replied "Don't blame me. I voted for Kodos."
"What does that even mean? Mom might not see through you, but I do. You don't care about any of these people.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Then why did she leave me?" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "There he is!"
"Uh, Greta, it's me. I think you left your pencil over at my house and he's there now, isn't he?", Bart Simpson said.
"And now a man you will see is definitely not dead... Mr. Montgomery Burns!", Homer Simpson responded.
"You're not made of stone... a brick and you're... made of stone..." Seymour Skinner said.
"'E claimed he was me father, he did." Bart Simpson responded.
"Quiet, boy. I have a feeling some bad stuff is about to go down.", Homer Simpson said.
"Aw, the zoning disk is warped..." Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "Princess who?"
Homer Simpson replied: "SNOW WHITE TEETH AND LIPS SO RED / SHE'S THE WILMA TO MY FRED"
"Uh... MY BAR COULD BE BRITISH / INSTEAD OF ARM-PITTISH / SO WHY DON'T WE ALL Eh, screw it.", Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson said "Now you're talkin'!"
"Says you, woman.", Bart Simpson said.
"That's my dog, man." Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "Race you to Utah, Milhouse."
"Pfft. Must have been a pretty slow century." Homer Simpson responded.
"Better than wasp honey, not as good as bee.", Seymour Skinner responded.
"Huh? A cell phone!" Bart Simpson replied.
"Ugh. Art." Bart Simpson answered.
"Well, I think we all learned a lesson today: don't try to be something you're not. Namely, food." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Waldo, where are you?!"
"Well, what do you say, Homer? Can Lisa babysit for my kids?", Ned Flanders answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Sorry, guys. You know, his mother's the one who made me come down here."
Homer Simpson replied: "How can I control her?! I have nothing to withhold!"
"Oh Homie, I'm so glad to see... A tape on the bed?!" Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson: "Ew. Bart, don't put the non-marshmallow pieces back in the box. They go in the trash."
"My name is Mary. I'm 45, heavy and willing to settle for less." Bart Simpson responded.
"We done here?" Homer Simpson said.
"Do you feel any better?", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered "Yeah."
Homer Simpson replied "Leave him to me."
"The score, damn you!" Homer Simpson said.
"You said you'd do it as a favor to me." Marge Simpson responded.
"No, Dad. He wants you to blow your horn.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Okay, Homer, nothing to be worried about... just--"
Homer Simpson replied "Marge, quit livin' in the past."
"Thanks for the ride!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "But..."
Homer Simpson said: "He's going for the record! He's going for the record!"
Marge Simpson replied "Well, the real key, according to sexperts, is mutual interests."
"Hello, Homer. What's that?", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh, won't anyone pretend to believe me?"
Homer Simpson said: "Oh Marge, I was afraid I was going to lose you! Ohhh! Now let me help you make your slow transition back to society."
"Take out the garbage." Homer Simpson replied.
"Lisa. Now this is the most important place in the world." Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "C'mon, c'mon! A bottle cap, a shoe, a bar of gold, anything! She suddenly uncovers a white patch."
Bart Simpson said "Oh my God. Simon set me up. And all this time I thought he wanted the life of a stranger he met in the bathroom."
"Potentially dangerous?", Homer Simpson answered.
"...Somebody had to take the babysitter home. Then I noticed, she was sitting on the gummy Venus so I grabbed it off of her. Oh, just thinking about that sweet, sweet candy. I just wish I had another one right now. But the most important thing is..." Homer Simpson replied.
"Diagonal two...", Bart Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "I don't like being outdoors, Smithers."
"Let's take a quick gambling break. A little action will really sharpen our senses.", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Why would you want to do that? He's tried to kill us."
Lisa Simpson answered "Sister?! You mean she's not your girlfriend?"
"Eh, I never thought I'd live this long." Homer Simpson replied.
"Now all we needed was the approval of record company low-lifes.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "OH, NO! NOT IN SPRING-TIME! / SUMMER, WINTER OR FALL! NO, NEVER COULD I LEAVE YOU AT ALL!"
Homer Simpson replied "They're shooting an adult film at my house tomorrow. How am I gonna get rid of Marge and the kids?"
Moe Szyslak replied: "Three nines."
Marge Simpson: "Now I'm thinking Alex if it's a girl and Xander if it's a boy."
Homer Simpson answered: "What? No..."
Marge Simpson answered "That's us!"
"Mother!" Seymour Skinner said.
"TV, huh? That crap still on?" Moe Szyslak said.
Lisa Simpson said "Grampa's been watching us."
Lisa Simpson said "Wow, he's right."
"The biggest ring in Springfield...comes from the bell in the Springfield Bell Tower!" Lisa Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak responded: "And these ones are smarter than the average bear. They swiped my pic-a-nic basket!"
Homer Simpson replied "I thought of it first."
"What are you boys doing?" Marge Simpson said.
"Bart, noooo!", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Uh, Marge, this is my friend Keggy..."
Seymour Skinner replied "He skipped town."
Bart Simpson answered: "I got suspended from school today."
"Marge, you take that back!", Homer Simpson answered.
"So much steak... lungs filling... sinuses packed with meat...", Homer Simpson answered.
"Bart!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Wow! That was great! Can I have my regular clothes back, please?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Dr. Bushwell!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Uh-huh."
Lisa Simpson replied "Sour grapes."
Homer Simpson replied "Oh, woa is me."
"Look, Dad had to get cured some time. There's nothing we can do about it." Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "Don't contradict me in front of our son!"
"Okay, I've got two of every animal. But only males -- I don't want any hanky-panky. Hey, hey, hey, cut that out!" Ned Flanders said.
"I can't do it. I can't kill a man!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Oh my God, why would I wanna wipe out my memory? What horrible thing did I do?"
Homer Simpson responded "You'd be dead a million times."
"Homie, why don't you just go down to Moe's and talk to him? I bet he'd be willing to share some of his success with you.", Marge Simpson answered.
"I'm outta here, man." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Bart, are you ready to go to... I'll room service you..."
Bart Simpson said: "Mrs. Krabappel? Are you a... teacher of the night?"
"I love you... Will you marry me, Marge?... You mean I'm gonna be a daddy?... I hope we'll always be together... together... together...", Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns said "Is this better?"
"I wish I was Death again. That was cool." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "Why don't you try reaching out to this new girl? See if you two have a common interest."
"Hello. Oh hey, Milhouse." Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson responded "The old homestead. Remember when we moved in and I talked like this?"
"Woo hoo! Ow!" Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "No, I got it!"
Bart Simpson answered: "I'm old enough to choose my own things to hate. And the things I like! And I like being a sailor."
"Oh yeah." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Well, most of it."
"We were using fifty-dollar bills as toilet paper. And toilet paper as dog toilet paper." Marge Simpson answered.
"Huh?", Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "Well, now it's time for my summer activity. You promised we could go to a museum."
Bart Simpson answered: "A real preacher knows how to bring the Bible alive through music and dancing and Tae-Bo!"
Marge Simpson replied "You make her stop! I've had her all day!"
"So you think I'm ugly?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "That's the last I'll see of Mr. Trampoline."
Homer Simpson responded "Look at these low, low prices on famous brand name electronics!"
"Dad, you don't have to go to a New Age store just for me. I know you think this stuff is stupid.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Yeah, well Krusty stole it from Steve Allen." Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "Attaboy! I knew you'd come! Gimme a kiss! Oh, yeah!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Wuh?"
Bart Simpson: "And there's that awful script from The Cable Guy!"
Homer Simpson responded "Screw you! I'm never gonna pay!"
"Done." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "Grampa's driving me crazy!"
Homer Simpson said: "Sorry, fellas. There's a movement I have to join. I've learned there's something more important than drinking: eating."
"If you're happy I'm happy." Marge Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders answered: "Eh, well sir. My entire family is very touched and--"
Homer Simpson said "Oh no, I don't eat anything new unless I've eaten it before!"
Marge Simpson: "Yeah, yeah, yeah, sure. I'm fine."
"Now, we have three parachutes." C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson said: "Bart, would you like to say grace?"
Homer Simpson: "Don't worry, we have plenty of supplies to get through tomorrow. And then a wave of disease should help to -- hey!"
"That's impossible! How did you get here first?" Bart Simpson answered.
"Well now that's what I always thought, but somehow...", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Mono..."
Homer Simpson: "Yeah, just watch."
Homer Simpson answered "Get outta my dreams and into my car."
"Eat your vegetables. Take a sweater. I don't think that's a good idea." Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "I just think when two people disagree, the big jerk ought to apologize."
"This is nice -- a family fun day!" Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh did he? Homer, you tell your son a rap show is not a safe place for a ten-year-old!", Marge Simpson said.
"Marge, I threw my back out. Can you please refill this prescription right away?", Homer Simpson said.
"Take a knee boys." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Bart Simpson responded "I'm sorry, I can't read. Mrs. Krabappel never taught me to read!"
"You know that new baby brother Ralph's been bragging about? It's just a pinecone." Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "DAYLIGHT COME AND YOU WANT-A MY TAPE."
"That I will." Homer Simpson answered.
"Teach me that the stove is hot.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "All right, already! But do you love the Leader more than having your very own, brand new -- Hoverbikes?"
"Mom, isn't that book the bible of right-wing losers?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, I can't believe those goons muscled me out of my grease business. I've been muscled out of everything I've ever done, including my muscle-for-hire business."
Homer Simpson said "Oh, why won't anybody believe my crazy story?"
"I am more than alive, woman! I am the Chosen One who shall unite all the faiths of the Holy Land! I am... the messiah!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Marge, look at them staring at that idiot box. God forbid they would ever read something and improve their minds."
Lisa Simpson answered "Meh."
"I died when Homer sat on me!" Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "Her name is Lisa. And I wouldn't trade her for all the sleep-in Sundays and speed dating in the world."
"Jimbo killed him?", Bart Simpson responded.
"Yabba dabba doo!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh no... Pink. Pink! PINK! It's all over, Marge. It's all over.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Cuz... I..."
Homer Simpson said "Damn!"
"But why? She's such a fox. I mean, what's on Fox tonight? Something ribald, no doubt." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Scratch, eh?"
"I've gotta get to school.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Lobooo..."
"Why does that make him right?" Marge Simpson said.
"I'm bad to the bone, honey.", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "Have you seen Lisa and Maggie?"
"They didn't blind anyone -- I have proof!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"It's okay." Homer Simpson said.
"Oh yeah -- sorry I was such a jerk about it." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Mary? Are you okay?"
Bart Simpson said: "Looks like my years of hard work have finally paid off."
"Thank you, you've been very helpful." Bart Simpson responded.
"Oh, no. He wouldn't!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders replied: "Hmm. That's odd. It didn't come out the rear end."
Homer Simpson responded: "Woo hoo! It's Garret Morris' birthday."
Lisa Simpson replied "Yeah. Eat it, Bart."
Ned Flanders: "I-I recently lost my wife."
"Everything lasts forever.", Homer Simpson said.
"Dad, you do care!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Nelson, I'll never forget that week we were best friends." Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "This one whistled at me!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Sorry, Flanders. But when you get in, you can use my audio tour. Narrated by Melanie Griffith."
Homer Simpson: "We know, we wrote it."
"Woo hoo!" Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner responded: "Is Roxanne back?"
"Mom's counting cards at the casino!" Lisa Simpson said.
"Comin' right up." Moe Szyslak replied.
"Well, maybe he just doesn't like fist-bumping.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "No deal!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Well, okay. But you have to swear you're comin' back."
"A LITTLE BIT LOUDER NOW!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "He was a great Dad! Every year he got so mad when Santa didn't bring me presents."
Homer Simpson replied "Why so formal, Lenny? You're my go-to guy."
Marge Simpson answered "No, he hasn't."
Lisa Simpson said: "Mom, Dad, my birthday's coming up, and GirlTech Turbo Diaries are in stores now."
"Homie, what's wrong?" Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "You got the black one."
Moe Szyslak responded: "Is what I'll say tomorrow morning!"
"Homer?" Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "What is it?"
Bart Simpson answered "Excuse me, I'm looking for --"
Moe Szyslak responded "You're beau-tee-ful."
"Homer, the reason I hate this car is... I think I want another baby!" Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Put up my house? But I just paid it off... what would Marge say?"
Bart Simpson answered "Now can we respect each other?"
"Hmmm.", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "Yeah, I hope I get it too. Later!"
Bart Simpson: "So Krusty double-crossed you. But your basic plan was pure genius. Where do you get your ideas?"
Lisa Simpson answered: "Sure, we love it! But how can we watch TV when it's so beautiful out?"
Ned Flanders responded "Stop praying to that stork!"
"Watch.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Hmm. Well, let me get you a towel.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson responded "We got a new tent from a guy who O.D.'d!"
Bart Simpson responded "I unno."
Marge Simpson responded "I'll tell you when you're dead, Grampa."
Homer Simpson answered "It sure is taking me a long time to reach this button."
"This hatchway is jammed!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "Bert and Ernie left it to your imagination."
"Eww..." Homer Simpson replied.
"This is the last time I bring these two to bed at the same time.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Now if you'll excuse me, I have to use the outhouse again."
"All right, that does it. If I'm gonna be trapped inside the house I gotta go out and buy some beer.", Homer Simpson said.
"What about adultery?", Bart Simpson said.
"Uh, it's actually blue wire to yellow wire.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "That's it..."
Bart Simpson answered: "Um, happy birthday, Nelson."
Homer Simpson answered "That is small, right?"
Homer Simpson said "Book club? That's the most stupid boring thing ever. Oh, thank you."
"That's odd.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "Are you saying he's right on the other side of that plant?"
"Selma! Your date's over already?", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "I'd like that. I'd like that very much."
Homer Simpson: "Blood is raining from the sky!"
"Lisa, I know you're down on homemaking, but it can really let you be creative. See, this morning I turned bacon, eggs and toast into a nice smiley face for Bart and Homer." Marge Simpson answered.
"Um, I'd like to get back a donation made fifteen years ago by a Simpson, Homer. Or it may be under the name Thad Supersperm." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "Homer, why do you take a three second pause before you answer what I say?"
Marge Simpson responded: "That's wonderful, Homie!"
Bart Simpson responded: "Hey, I found something!"
"I can't believe you're just gonna stand by as your daughters grow up in a world where this, this is their role model.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak responded "Me again."
"I see. Now, how do I prepare for the meeting with the Mayor?", Homer Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders replied "Well, I sure would. It would give the boys a place to go after school."
"Come on on, the cardboard's fine.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "I'm not going to dignify that with an answer."
"I thought you two broke up." Homer Simpson replied.
"I thought this might happen, so I brought the best weapon to operate while drugged: a crossbow.", Homer Simpson answered.
"...three, four, five, chance. Pick up a card.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Pity. You and I could've shared the world." C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Mom showed me how to make a retaining wall out of pillows. But I'm gonna conquer my fears... tonight." Lisa Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "I must have that oil! Oogh! Smithers! Smithers, help me subdue this beast!"
"Ooh, a new hamburger sandwich." Marge Simpson said.
"Come on, Milhouse. This way we'll be friends forever.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Homer, did you really steal a car?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Sure, you can borrow it for a little while." Ned Flanders said.
"You're right! I gotta get where the action is!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Ooh, The Tinkler. I like the sound of that. We'll take it.", Homer Simpson replied.
"We better get you home. Come on, Lisa." Marge Simpson responded.
"Money's too tight for steak.", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "Well, I brought a few items to make our night extra-special. Massage oil..."
"But Mr. Burns gave me my job. And he hasn't fired me, even after three meltdowns and one China Syndrome. I can't betray him." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "We left her last week and she didn't make it home for dinner!"
"Dad?? The panda was you?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "What are you looking at?"
"C... O..." Marge Simpson answered.
"Marge, since the kids left, I lost five pounds!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Great! Do you want to see me naked?"
"That's easy -- just one, the number five." Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "You taught me a criminal can evade the law well into old age."
Homer Simpson answered "You're no help."
"I'm gonna take you home and fix you up, 'cause you're the real endangered species... a devoted husband.", Marge Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak answered: "Please! Please! Please!"
"I've got Gameboys and caramel apples!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Hello, Marge."
Marge Simpson: "That doesn't sound very convincing."
"Hello. HEL-LOOO.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Jean-Paul, how are the new uniforms? Do they match the suede boots? Beautiful. Did you get the new trucks? Are they amphibious? Well, there's only one way to find out. We can always buy more."
Homer Simpson said: "I don't know, I don't know --"
Homer Simpson said: "Hey, my car insurance expired. Quite a while ago."
Marge Simpson replied: "Don Quixote."
Seymour Skinner responded: "Ah, Spring Break in Hong Kong. Custom-made suits at slave-labor prices..."
"Hey zombie -- wanna come out and play?" Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Well, the videotape showed that the thief used the microwave oven at the Kwik-E-Mart. But Krusty couldn't go near the thing. Not with his pacemaker."
Bart Simpson: "What the hell?"
Bart Simpson said "...where my soul will be chopped into confetti and strewn upon a parade of murderers and single mothers..."
Bart Simpson answered: "And I'm sorry I sabotaged your flag."
"Check." Homer Simpson replied.
"Bart, if this is what I think it is, it's not a place we should ever, ever take a little boy.", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "Mom!"
Homer Simpson responded "I'm sure we will, honey."
"Homie, this is so sweet. But I can't possibly go now... the sink is full of dirty dishes, the trash needs to be taken out, the living room is a mess..." Marge Simpson answered.
"I would never let you down. Our marriage is like soft-serve ice cream. And trust is the hard chocolate shell that keeps it from melting onto our carpet. In cone-clusion, here's the scoop: I love you." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Hear me, people of the past!"
"We just saw the most amazing camel!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Oh yeah, her. Classic space case." Bart Simpson said.
"But 7 goes into 28 4 times.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"This ain't for you, sweat stain. It's a surprise party for Lenny, thrown by his closest friends." Moe Szyslak said.
Marge Simpson responded: "No! No more drinking! I'm tired of looking like the world's worst mother."
"Okay.", Ned Flanders answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Marge, it's the golden rule: treat others the way they mess with you."
"She doesn't scare me. I do what I want, when I want. Oh God, inchworms!", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "Warm... no, cold... colder... Ice cold."
"Two cheers for Lisa! Hip, hip..." Seymour Skinner said.
Ned Flanders said: "Oh, righty-o! It's good for keeping down the urges."
"Take that you dumb squirrel.", Homer Simpson said.
"Lisa, sweetheart -- it's almost dinnertime. Why don't you come home?", Marge Simpson responded.
"It's Patty who chose the life of celibacy. Selma simply had celibacy thrust upon her.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Oh, there's nothing like canceling an employee drug plan to make one feel so at peace with the universe." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"You're from Texas?", Marge Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak replied: "Now, wait a minute. Dirty words you can spell on your calculator is a very important subject."
"Nothing." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Okay, this opening scene should be in fast motion. Everybody likes that 'cause it looks funny."
"Oh honey, do you really think you're pregnant?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Soda?", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Nope. Just lookin' for that golden ticket."
"There... Carl was adopted... by a couple who lives outside Reykjavik." Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "I gave it to Pepi."
Lisa Simpson replied "Shh. TV."
"Even you, Caveman Homer.", Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Don't worry. I called some animal activists who can help us get in. I'll just give the signal. Milk is murder!"
Ned Flanders responded "Ooh, thanks for dropping by!"
"I'm giving you... the key to the A.V. cage." Seymour Skinner answered.
"We make a great brother and sister team. Like Andy and Lana Wachowski.", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "I didn't do it."
Ned Flanders answered "Well, I'm all for rescuing the kids, but I wish you hadn't sawed off my roof."
"Forget it, mom. Dad's really mad. The tendons are throbbing at the base of his neck..." Bart Simpson answered.
"Oh, I'm so bored! Maybe I'll clean out my wallet.", Homer Simpson said.
"Don't worry, Mr. Burns. We're gonna find that monster, no matter how long it takes. Besides, I'm getting kind of used to wearing a kilt!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Cops took it.", Bart Simpson said.
"Steady... steady..." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Out now.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Get 'em off me! Get 'em off me! Get 'em off me!"
Lisa Simpson: "I THINK HE'S GOT IT! OH YES HE'S GOT IT!"
Homer Simpson said: "He is me!"
"There's been a change of plans. I was gonna tell you, but then I remembered... you're the rat!" Bart Simpson said.
"Well, that's everything I know that girls like." Homer Simpson responded.
"Ever wonder what she thinks about?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Hey wait! Stop! I have garbage!"
"It worked on the test-corpse." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Geez, Flanders. You're 60 years old, and you haven't lived a day in your life."
Homer Simpson replied "Gentlemen, I must be wasted, 'cause it looks like that cloud is mad at me."
Moe Szyslak said "Uh here, use this one."
Homer Simpson answered: "Permission to treat this witness as hostile."
"Don't worry, honey. I'll hunt down our friends who murdered you one by one." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "I need a shirt! Gimme a shirt!"
"I'm a little busy. Can I do it later?" C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson said "Lisa doesn't borrow my car and stay out all night with some... hoochie."
Homer Simpson answered: "Nobody's blaming you. Hey, could you take the wheel for a second? I have to scratch myself in two places at once."
"This song has been going on for hours." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Almost a winner!"
Ned Flanders answered "Help me out, Homer. My little Roddy needs his insulin. Breaks my heart to watch him jones-diddly-ownsing."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Come on, Dad, you can make it."
Homer Simpson responded: "I've had enough of your stinkin' thinkin'. I, Homer Simpson, will personally bring the new pro football franchise to Springfield."
Marge Simpson replied "Forget it."
"No, but..." Bart Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders responded "Press... destruct... button."
"Hello, Artie." Marge Simpson said.
"I'm a married woman. Please don't call me that.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Games don't have lives or points anymore, Dad." Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "HERE'S MY NEW IDEA TO SELL BOTH BEER AND GRUB / WE WILL TURN THIS FILTHY DIVE INTO A PROPER OLD-TIME BRITISH PUB!"
"Homer?" Marge Simpson said.
"Bart Simpson telling you to lock the doggy in the barn 'cause here comes dodgeball action!", Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "No!!! That's my memory box!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "How could you sell fracking for Mr. Burns?"
Homer Simpson: "This is all your fault for trading away your turn. Just for that, no dessert tonight!"
Homer Simpson replied "Soul mate?"
"I get it. You need your Marge time. Well, I'm off to work." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "I know she's young, but Lisa has proven herself mature and dependable."
"Okay, don't panic. Remember what the instructor said...", Homer Simpson said.
"Homer--" Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Hey, there's quarters in here!"
"Back then, we were both stars - in the thrill-a-minute world of high school journalism.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Zing! What's a Skeletor?"
Homer Simpson responded "YES!!"
Bart Simpson replied "Oh please, Dad. I want this more than anything in the world."
Homer Simpson replied "I see. Do you have any suggestions?"
Marge Simpson said: "Just zip it!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Wait a minute... she's right!"
"Hm... Well, okay.", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded "Easter grass, Cable Ace Awards, aquariums full of broken pinball game parts, popped but uneaten Jiffy Pop still in the silver bubble, sample-sized shampoos, detergents and whiskeys..."
"Hi, Grimy, old buddy.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Right, right, present. Anyway, can I get you some Soylent Green?"
Homer Simpson replied "They printed my photo of our gang!"
"I didn't know that was an option.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Yes. I'd like to ask all the parents in Springfield who are concerned about this to write in and let the cartoon makers know how you feel. Thank you." Marge Simpson said.
"Hey, shut up!" Homer Simpson said.
"Thank you for getting me out of work." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "Uh-oh. Gotta get back to karate class."
"AND THE HOME OF THE BRA-A-AVE!", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "Hello, Mr. Stanky... I have some shocking news about your daughter Samantha... Who am I? Let's just say I'm a concerned prude with a lot of time on his hands."
"But I could swing by after school. I'll bring the limbo stick." Bart Simpson responded.
"Hey Dad, remember when you said if I used a chainsaw unsupervised I'd hurt myself? Well, you were wrong. I hurt someone else.", Bart Simpson said.
"Will you tell me a story?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Please don't kick me out! This society is everything to me! Please give me another chance! I've learned my lesson."
"Is your boss Governor yet?" Bart Simpson answered.
"Hmm... Confederated Slave Holdings. How is that doing?" C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson replied "Oh, no."
"What're you playing?", Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Yeah, Dad."
"Well, you may be right!", Ned Flanders replied.
Marge Simpson said "Hello, dear. How was work at the plant?"
Lisa Simpson said "Besides, nothing's too good for a wonderful, generous man like you."
"I'm in." Bart Simpson said.
"...Scores on Battle Ball!" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "I'll kill you, you son of a--"
Seymour Skinner replied "To poor decisions."
"Where the hell did that come from?", Bart Simpson responded.
"I'm looking for Homer Simpson.", Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "Dad, what have you done to your stomach?"
Homer Simpson responded "Can I apply my time toward a future crime?"
Moe Szyslak said: "Hey, Homer, why don't you just nibble her elbow. That always melts her butter, right?"
"Bart!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Rich maple color, good swirl..." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Aw, rats in the kitchen. Just like that delightful movie I taped in the theater."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Poor Maggie. If only you could tell us what's happening to you."
Homer Simpson said "I thought you might have trouble with this. That's why I'm assigning someone to keep watch over you. Someone you'd never expect."
"I'm glad you're okay, Bart.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "That is a good fire."
"Shut up!!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Yeah, yeah." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "I didn't know you liked animals."
Marge Simpson said: "A sprinkle of chervil, half a teaspoon of turmeric... and a whisper of MSG."
Homer Simpson said "I just underwent a procedure to increase my IQ fifty points."
"I'll miss you too Homie.", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Dad, help me out!"
Marge Simpson responded: "Well of course they don't."
Bart Simpson responded "Thanks. But these rough riders aren't dismounting until you get your job back."
Lisa Simpson responded: "How can they put a prop from a TV show next to the Bill of Rights?"
"You saved me, Reverend. You really went above and beyond. Thank you!", Ned Flanders said.
"Not so fast, Pig! We're making a stand. A freaky stand! You can smash this drug barn all you want, but first you'll have to smash our heads open like ripe melons!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Now I'm Michael Jackson. I own all your songs, losers. Hee, hee, hee." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Gotta have that!"
Homer Simpson replied: "It's a date! So... do you think the Cowboys will beat the spread?"
"Oooh! Look at me, I'm making people happy. I'm the Magical Man from Happyland in a gum drop house on Lollipop Lane!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Listen to me, son. No one loves a quitter. So you go over there and you win her back." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "But I don't know anything. At least I don't think I do."
"Dad, do you notice anything strange?", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "A formal. The one place you can wear a tiara and not look crazy."
"Well, I spend a lot of time on the couch...", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Well, if she's so wonderful, give her an A."
Marge Simpson responded "Wish Homer was here."
Homer Simpson said "You know I'm not Pie Man."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "The people being whipped!"
Bart Simpson responded "I'll pick you up on the way home."
"Okay." Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "I guess it's time to let my little girl grow up."
"As one of the Simpson women, would you like to contribute something to it?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We'll call you. Or send you some fruit." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said: "That was a baby tooth... it was loose..."
"Thanks, Krusty." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Oh, how very kind of you. I am not giving our kids to these gravelly-voiced super hags! One lump, please."
"I didn't know you were left-handed.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Well these bills'll have to be paid out of your allowance."
"Yayyy!", Lisa Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Remember me? Twenty-five years ago you said I was too ugly to play Dr. Tad Winslow!"
Homer Simpson: "Whoa! Holy mackerel!"
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Welcome, friends. I've invited you here to share in our first quarterly profit report. I'm sure you're all eager to hear how much richer I am. Now, to end the suspense: Elon?"
Ned Flanders responded: "You made a killer out of me!"
"You actually convinced people not to go to Nelson's party?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"And their beams.", Marge Simpson answered.
"A perfectly-good hot lather dispenser. I can't count the number of times Homie's cried in anguish over his lukewarm lather.", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "That's even worse!"
Lisa Simpson answered: "The Wordloaf Festival?! You'll meet all the great American writers, Moe! You have to go!"
"Whoa!", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "Well, whoever moves in, it can't be worse than having a murderer next door."
"Me not pig." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Out of my reach? Must... make... effort..."
Marge Simpson replied "You didn't want to have Bart."
C. Montgomery Burns said "Smithers, I'm beginning to think that Homer Simpson was not the brilliant tactician I thought he was."
"Homer, those are very thoughtful presents. But you have to tell me where you got the money from." Marge Simpson responded.
"I can't believe your dad gets paid to blow stuff up." Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered "Oh, what's happening? Where am I?"
Marge Simpson answered "The poor boy is so desperate. He wants to earn money to buy a comic book."
Homer Simpson said: "Now here's that bully of yours. Show me your stuff."
"Well, that explains a lot. Who's hungry?", Homer Simpson said.
"Eat my shorts.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Oh, that's all you got? Huh? Huh?", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "I could live at sea! The sea forgives all. Not like those mean old mountains. I hate them so much."
Bart Simpson said "I guess."
Bart Simpson said "Da da daah da da dah daaahhh..."
"Something wrong, officer?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Huzzah for the shopkeep!", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Moe Szyslak said: "Here you go, Homer."
Homer Simpson: "Hm, we've had a lot of bills lately. Better put in some overtime."
"What do I do now?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "I've got sand in my underpants."
Marge Simpson said "And you look adorable."
"You can stop Satan with your faith." Ned Flanders replied.
Marge Simpson: "Well, okay, I will. If you admit you love Bart."
Homer Simpson said "What are you saying, Honey?"
"Sorry.", Bart Simpson replied.
"It's real. I can show you!" Lisa Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns said "He pulled out bamfoozlers, and side-winding whizzles..."
Seymour Skinner: "It's when the jury can't agree on a verdict."
Bart Simpson said: "What do you want?"
"My prayers have been answered! Well actually, just this one.", Ned Flanders replied.
"Uh-oh, here comes a train.", Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders answered: "Well, I know it's a little risky and it's gonna be a lot of hard work, but gosh darn it, it's gonna be a lot of fun, too."
Homer Simpson answered: "Well, hmm, let's see, he was foreign and he had some..."
"Look, Maggie. A show for babies." Marge Simpson replied.
"Your majesty... did you remember to invite Ned Flanders?", Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh no." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Whoa, whoa, whoa! You can't just whale on him because he's... what religion are you anyway?" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Got ya, Burnsie."
"Step on it, Mom. Dad's signaling that he wants to go higher." Lisa Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak said: "Well, I'll try..."
"Mr. Hutz, why are you burning all your personal papers?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "I fell asleep before the monkey."
"Panic not, fellow Springfielders!", Lisa Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "We know what you think. Young lady, you're hired."
"They're the greatest heroes of all. Hey, something's clawing at my leg. Okay, it stopped." Homer Simpson answered.
"That guy's been tormenting all of us for years. And I for one am sick of it." Bart Simpson said.
"I'm a-comin', Marge!", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "Alaska!"
Bart Simpson said: "... So if I play, the guys are gonna kill me. If I don't, I'll be letting Homer down. What am I gonna do?"
"Good shot, Toddsky!", Ned Flanders replied.
"Son, I need to pee, but I can't stop watching. Fetch me a bottle." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Did you say anterior?"
"Uh..." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "What if you just moved the bottle?"
Homer Simpson said: "Don't worry, Marge. They can't beat us. Because we're family-run."
Homer Simpson answered "Huh?"
Marge Simpson said: "Oh, Homer."
Marge Simpson said: "Such a violent motif."
"I like the sound of that." Lisa Simpson answered.
"So this whole thing was just a trick to get us back together." Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "I want a divorce from my parents."
"Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! There's a white wine? And wha- a Swiss cheese? And a peanut butter? And a potato chip? And toilet paper? Wha-what?!" Moe Szyslak responded.
"The deed is done.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Here comes Santa Claus / Here comes Santa Claus / Right down Santa Claus Lane... Vixen and Blitzen all the reindeer pulling at the reins... / Oh what fun it is to ride in a one horse open sleigh..." Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "If not for guns, poor William Bonney might have become a doctor, or a Senator..."
"Loving serenity. It's about damn time.", Moe Szyslak said.
"No! No! Prop Eighty-Seven lets big polluters off the hook!", Lisa Simpson said.
"Nope.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Eat your broccoli."
Marge Simpson answered: "Homer!"
"Well, you're not exactly my hero. I see you more as a cautionary tale.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Yes."
"Well, I hope the investors like it. I have to raise sixty million dollars or we're out of business.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Bart Simpson said: "Got it!"
Marge Simpson replied: "Yes, and she's crying."
Homer Simpson replied: "What's wrong, Sweetie?"
Marge Simpson responded: "I got it!"
Homer Simpson replied: "This movie will haunt me for the rest of my life, just like Cannonball Run Two."
"I know you can read my thoughts, Bart. Just a little reminder: if I find out you cut class, your ass is mine. Yes, you heard me. I think words I would never say.", Seymour Skinner responded.
Moe Szyslak responded: "You don't get a beatin' like this travelling by plane."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Yep, you're the crack head. What dessert are you gonna get?"
Bart Simpson replied "KIDS WHO CLIMB ON ROCKS..."
"I don't know. You?", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "My son's been ape-napped!"
"Hey, I think I got a Pai Gow!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "That's not a sunset. That's a bird on fire!"
Marge Simpson responded: "Maybe we should come back in the daytime."
"Really?", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "We can spare it, Marge. We've been blessed."
"Does it make you feel superior to tear down people's dreams?" Lisa Simpson said.
"Sure, okay. I'll talk about father. Father Christmas. That's what they call Santa Claus in England. They drive on the wrong side of the road there. Now that's crazy. People are always saying how small England is. But you couldn't fit it all in here. Not by a long shot. You know what? I'm cured.", Marge Simpson said.
"Taxi!", Moe Szyslak answered.
Seymour Skinner: "Sweet Lord it is!"
"Yeah, probably dreaming about the time she shot Mr. Burns." Marge Simpson replied.
"Please, Mom. My dream is to be a rock star." Bart Simpson replied.
"Why do you have so many bowling balls?" Marge Simpson said.
"I refuse to accept it!" Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "We know who you are, Ms. Botz. Or should I say, Ms. Botzucowski. You're the Babysitter Bandit."
"Oh, my little Maggie, I may never hold you again... ew, stinky pants." Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh really?" Marge Simpson said.
"You should be. If I was in your tummy, I'd poo in your throat.", Bart Simpson said.
"What were you like as a boy, Mr. Burns? Did you have a dog that you loved.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "But I'm not a genius. Why should I suffer?"
Homer Simpson said "Just tell me how much of this is true!"
"Eh, there's a picture of it on my cup." Homer Simpson replied.
"He cheats at Uno!", Homer Simpson responded.
"I have a bully at school.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Shut up and kiss me.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Cheer up, honey, we're living an all natural existence, the kind you like. Ooh, a trash can. We'll find breakfast in here." Homer Simpson responded.
"Give it here, I'll find some fat we can trim. Here you go, a giant useless expense for something that no one is interested in.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said "Bart, he's not gonna learn it now. Don't spend your last hours together tormenting the poor creature. Have some fun, frolic with him. Go get it, boy!"
Lisa Simpson: "What I'm suggesting is we create an honor code."
Bart Simpson answered "Oh my God, how long was I zoned out?"
Marge Simpson: "I wasn't talking to you."
Homer Simpson responded "Just a second, honey. Daddy's on his high horse."
"Eat up.", Marge Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders responded "I'll throw in some Christian comic books!"
"Uh, right here, sir!" Seymour Skinner said.
"Why are you wearing your hat at dinner?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "There's peas in my fruit cobbler."
"So how's it going, Grimy?" Homer Simpson said.
"Groundskeeper Willie! Uhm. Ah. So, so you're the immigrant I'm here to help." Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "Did you hear that kids? Brown!"
"Sorry, fellas.", Moe Szyslak responded.
Marge Simpson: "This country's so historic -- for all we know, Jesus could have given a talk in Conference Room C."
"Run!" Homer Simpson responded.
"The surprise is safe! The expression on her face will be priceless!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Who's the greatest billionaire in the world?!"
C. Montgomery Burns: "Homer Simpson."
"Don't mind if I do." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Maybe it's time to put him in one where he can't get out."
Bart Simpson responded "All right, I'll turn myself in. It'll give me a chance to work some more on the detention quilt."
Marge Simpson replied: "They've forgiven us. It's a miracle! You know, deep down, people are pretty g-- Hey, wait a minute! They're taking our stuff!"
"Donut?", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Okay kids, forget the movie. We'll just go to the furniture store and sit down."
Lisa Simpson answered "I know those words, but that sign makes no sense."
"What does that sign say? I thought they spoke English in this country!" Bart Simpson responded.
"Oh, no, Marge!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Well, ah, I wish the candy machine wasn't so picky about taking beat-up dollar bills... because a lot of workers really like candy."
Bart Simpson responded: "Knock it off."
Moe Szyslak answered "Now let's go make us a fortune, huh?"
"See. All good." Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh, that's my old unit from Vietnam. I was their Sergeant, they were my loyal troops.", Seymour Skinner answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "Da-ad! Oh, Dr. Hawking. We had such a beautiful dream. What went wrong?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Maybe you're right. Now, if you'll excuse us, this is a sacred moment between a boy and his father."
Marge Simpson said: "Do you have any safety tips?"
Bart Simpson: "Is it that you're brother and sister? Because you really look a lot alike."
"That's not my mother." Marge Simpson answered.
"And that's the greatest thing ever written.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "Those aren't tickets to the game, Homer."
Homer Simpson responded: "Thanks, honey. After what you said to me, I watched hours and hours of soccer. I almost saw a goal! But there were so many ads for Spanish cell phones..."
"See ya next fall." Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "Racists?"
"CALL MR. PLOW / THAT'S MY NAME / THAT NAME AGAIN IS / MR. PLOW." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "Oh, my head!"
Homer Simpson: "Okay."
Homer Simpson answered "How many yum-yum fish did we get?"
Lisa Simpson responded "Yes?!"
"You remembered I like romance!" Marge Simpson said.
"Homer...", Marge Simpson responded.
"Shut up.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Let's see, good deed..."
"Lisa, without corporate sponsorship, we wouldn't be able to teach you the three R's: reading, refreshment and Raspberry Buzz Lite. Get your razz on!" Seymour Skinner replied.
Bart Simpson responded "They were gonna go to the Folk Art Museum, then they were gonna paint crab shells. Not crush them, paint them."
Homer Simpson answered "Hey... but today's not Pork Chop Tuesday... or Gravy Thursday."
"Nothin' could be finah.", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "I want some Fried Sugar!"
"Two hundred. No! No! I mean, I mean nothing. I don't take bribes.", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "No tourists? I'll be ruined."
"Why do you talk that way?", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied "This wasn't in the brochure."
Seymour Skinner said: "Yes, well, there will be no smut in my company. You're in this man's army to learn!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Mom made the Oops Patrol! Hot damn!"
Bart Simpson responded: "A thousand kids?! If you could get each of them to send you a dollar you'd be a millionaire!"
Lisa Simpson answered "I'm tired of her criticizing my saggy glutes."
"So, Ray does exist?!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Sure!" Marge Simpson said.
"Uh say... uh... Reverend... are we gonna get a chance to do any fishing?", Homer Simpson said.
"I hate unions. There's this guy at my plant, caused three meltdowns and he still keeps his job." Homer Simpson responded.
"Wha-do I do..." Homer Simpson responded.
"Dad, where's your base?!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh, real original. Who did this?"
"Marge, I ate those fancy soaps you bought for the bathroom." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "I was trying to even it out!"
Marge Simpson responded "What can I say? Maggie and I share a special bond."
"Whoa, whoa, whoa. You said no fuss." Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "You really came back from that Tommy John surgery."
"Daddy's gonna spend a lot more time with you. Yes he is. Yes he is.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Heart condition? Get outta here." Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, baby!" Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Oh, good. That will give me time to add another coat of glaze to the ham."
Marge Simpson replied "The dog has had enough excitement."
Homer Simpson answered: "We'll get past that barrier somehow. Ol' Blinky here will find a way."
Homer Simpson said "Marge, you don't know what this fish means. This fish represents a better life for both of us. This fish makes me a champion and a hero."
"Ooh, sorry. Ah, lemme buy ya a drink." Moe Szyslak replied.
"... and that's how you win an opium war!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"He's a horrible excuse for an educator.", Seymour Skinner answered.
Bart Simpson: "Stupid automatic door."
Marge Simpson replied: "Homie! Do you know what yesterday was?"
"I'm so sorry, Grampa.", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "Milhouse?"
"But you're going to annoy thousands of people just to make a few measly dollars. It's nothing but panhandling!", Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Really? Oh, thank you."
Homer Simpson replied "Look what I got for you, Dad."
"Dad, it's getting cold out here." Bart Simpson responded.
"Hey, wait up!" Lisa Simpson said.
"It's me!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Woo hoo! I'm clean! In your face, Lord!"
Marge Simpson replied: "It's really more of an amiable concordance."
"Dad! Dad! Wake up! You're not a robot!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "Running a bar is a full-time job and you don't even do your full-time job."
Moe Szyslak replied: "Well, what do dreams matter, Marge? I was able to stick up for a pal."
Lisa Simpson answered "Bart? Uhh, he went to play with a friend."
"Okay." Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders replied "No! You tried to warn me about gambling my family's future on some pig in a poke... I didn't listen. Homer, you were a true friend."
"But the biggest heart I know is in my sister Lisa." Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "The repellent's all gone!"
"I don't know. A lot of people were yelling stuff." Homer Simpson said.
"What's the point of going out? We're just gonna wind up back here anyway." Homer Simpson said.
"That's not true. You're thinking of airbags.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "Darn it, they're stuck."
Bart Simpson answered "Wow, this is roomy!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Dad, are you sure you're okay to drive at night?"
Homer Simpson replied "Use that image any way you want."
"Oh my goodness! It means we're traveling back in time! I can warn President Lincoln to dump his wife before she goes crazy!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Yeah, sure. Whatever you want. Ninety-five, ninety-six, thirteen, sixty-four, banana..."
Marge Simpson: "Chief, I hope this is the call I've been praying for."
Homer Simpson replied: "Because I'm so carefree?"
Seymour Skinner replied: "Excuses are like handkerchiefs -- everybody's got one."
Homer Simpson said: "Let's never fight again."
Bart Simpson responded "No, Dad! Shoot your way out!"
"Our final contestant is Lisa Simpson, who was last seen leaving in tears.", Seymour Skinner answered.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Ahh, these minstrels will soothe my jangled nerves."
Moe Szyslak said "Yeah, I wish I could, Homer, but if I change my story, they're gonna throw me in here."
Homer Simpson responded: "We're all gonna sit down as a family and listen to an inspiring story of wilderness survival."
Homer Simpson responded "Why, it says here that President Cleveland has..."
Seymour Skinner said "I said stand down!"
Homer Simpson replied "That's okay, Marge, you're a good wet blanket. The kind I like wrapped around me."
"Come one, come all, Top Hat Theatre is on the air. The most beautiful women in the world. Just fifty-cents. I am your host, Bart Simpson. You must be at least eight years old to enter.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Congratulations, Homer. Your Q is a huge success. A toast to the host who can boast the most roast." Ned Flanders answered.
Marge Simpson said: "But seeing you like this is more than I can bear."
"Grampa, I made your favorite dinner -- teething biscuits soaked in buttermilk." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "But I was gonna loot you a present!"
"I just put all my personal information on their website!" Marge Simpson said.
"Well, at least we have time to get the pets' Christmas presents." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "I'm a Spaulding Gray in a Rick Dees world. Change me back to the blissful boob I was!"
Lisa Simpson responded "Uch! The idea that you would compare yourself to Mahatma Gandhi..."
"I have so many questions for you. First of all, is this floor reinforced?" Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "I'm afraid wives don't make passes at husbands in those glasses."
"No!" Bart Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner said: "The 2nd Battle of Springfield was fought by the North...the South...and the East...to keep Springfield in, out of, and next to the Union, respectively. Now, the actual battle was fought over there, where that man is standing. But he won't move, so we'll do it here."
"Oh Smithers, I would have said anything to get your stem cells. Now, welcome aboard.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "So does sucking on the dog."
"No, sorry." Moe Szyslak said.
"I'm only down sixty-two dollars. Not counting my tips to the waitresses." Bart Simpson said.
"Thanks for the pep talk.", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "Daddy's not on fire."
Marge Simpson said "Becky, I know you must feel awful. But at least this didn't happen after you were married."
"Uhh... huh." Homer Simpson said.
"I wasn't a principal when I was one.", Seymour Skinner answered.
Ned Flanders replied: "Should we do something?"
"Thanks honey. Bank shot.", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "Oh no, the Northern Irish are also having a parade!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, it's no fair. We'll never have a buffer."
Bart Simpson said "May I be excused, Mom?"
Marge Simpson said "I want to make sure the kids don't hear. When I was young, I always hated knowing my parents were fighting."
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, that'd be great! Sleeping bags on the floor, a roaring fire... It'll be just like the time they kicked me out of the sporting-goods store."
Homer Simpson replied: "Why you little...!"
Homer Simpson answered: "What?! When were you gonna tell me?"
"It's shot day!" Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Why is Bach next to Muddy Waters? That's my problem -- I gotta get these CDs organized!"
"It's not against the law to sleep in a Tyrannosaurus head!", Homer Simpson responded.
"This little piggy went to Kwik-E-Mart, this little piggy went nuts, this little piggy went surfing, and this little piggy went--", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "Printhipal Thkinner, I need thum shoes."
Lisa Simpson responded "Oh yeah?"
"Police? Uh-oh." Moe Szyslak said.
"Jews don't believe in Hell.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Hey, wait! I smell hamburgers too.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Nooo!" Ned Flanders replied.
Ned Flanders replied: "Yep, I'm just replacing the front window at my store, which was broken in the riot."
Marge Simpson replied "Oh my God! Oh my God! Quick, everyone put on their long faces!"
C. Montgomery Burns: "Commencing aerial inspection of the plant... unflattering graffito...neutralized."
Marge Simpson replied "Where were you, Homie? You missed all the excitement."
"Eyes it is." Bart Simpson said.
"That's it.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Yeah.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Oh no."
Homer Simpson: "Oh, oh, oh, I get it. Put on a big show for the cameras."
"You have a worldview both bleak and beautiful! I wanna write a report about you!", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Wanna watch me?" Homer Simpson said.
"Ooh, indigo!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Our first job is to entertain...", Homer Simpson answered.
"I'm a big girl! I'm a big girl!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Because if they catch us, we may have to do it again. And this time I want it tight!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Give her back to Skinner! A fat bald guy like you... you could have anyone!"
"Because it's my present! Did you give it to me because you thought I'd like it or because you wanted to feel better about yourself?" Bart Simpson replied.
"My what now?" Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "Or... my life might be a hell of a lot better!"
"You know what, Mr. Burns? I'm never comin' back. My son's making so much cash in the T-shirt game, that I don't have to work another day in my life -- assuming my health does not deteriorate as I age." Homer Simpson responded.
"Am I glad to see you guys. You gotta call...", Homer Simpson replied.
"Yessssssssssssssss!", Homer Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Who the devil are you?!"
Marge Simpson said "You drink?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, bogus gizmo, grant me eternal life."
Homer Simpson responded "Oh, brought some of your commie friends to help you fight dirty, eh?"
Marge Simpson answered "Homer, my audition is in half..."
Lisa Simpson: "Hey, Dad."
Homer Simpson answered: "Hey! Apu just called. This Friday Lisa's team is playing Bart's team. You're in direct competition. And don't go easy on each other just because you're brother and sister. I want to see you both fighting for your parents' love."
Marge Simpson responded: "That's baby corn."
"Nothing in common, eh? Tell me more...", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Oh, crap."
"What about that Round Table Pizza run by that Algonquin guy?" Moe Szyslak said.
"Mmmm... invisible cola.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Does the pizza guy take a check? If so, where do we keep the checks? And lastly, how do you write a check?", Homer Simpson replied.
"I try, but I can't.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Bring it on, chumps!" Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders replied "As a matter... Homer..."
"Aw.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Uh-huh."
"All right! My bumper fell off!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Oh, that'll learn 'im."
"Dennis... Brad... Mavis... Brad..." Marge Simpson replied.
"I made it, kids! I am king of Learning-ton Castle!", Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak responded "Yeah, well, uh, how come I ain't fendin' off movie starlets with a pointy stick?"
Homer Simpson responded "Oh, good, unfinished. This shouldn't take long."
"I know. No more being a jerk." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "I am so there!"
Homer Simpson said "Now what?"
Lisa Simpson answered: "Lisa Simpson."
"Red. The trucker. Big fat guy, couldn't handle his steak?", Homer Simpson responded.
"I BELIEVE IN YOUSE... you guys, you saved me! You do care!", Moe Szyslak replied.
Marge Simpson said "You know, Homer, it's very easy to criticize."
"Here we go again!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Dad, our baby pictures were in there!" Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "These fortunes are terrible. They're supposed to predict stuff, and ease you through times of doubt and sickness."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Where are we going, Dad?"
Marge Simpson said "Yes?"
Moe Szyslak answered: "That cost a nickel, but we'll settle up later."
Homer Simpson said: "Hmmm. Oh, baby! Mmmm. Yeah."
Lisa Simpson said "There you are in outer space. That's pretty impressive."
Homer Simpson replied "Ron Howard?!"
"I'll practice you!" Homer Simpson responded.
"I know. My new thing is to ignore you.", Lisa Simpson said.
"No, no, Luigi, I'd like one with two seats. I'll be dining with a friend tonight.", Seymour Skinner replied.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Who is that man, and why isn't his enthusiasm being punished?"
"Give me my bear, Simpson." C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Whew. I'm glad that wasn't us.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Can't panic! Must remain calm."
Homer Simpson replied: "I don't wanna pay four bucks to watch some monkey wannabe lay in the sun."
"Okay." Homer Simpson answered.
"Thank you for your bravery today." Seymour Skinner replied.
"I didn't mean any disrespect. I just can't figure it out.", Marge Simpson said.
"It's in Tennessee, right next to the Oak Ridge Nuclear Facility, birthplace of the atomic bomb.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Ooh, they're showing the filling now. Can they do that?"
"A-a-a-a-and, now.", Bart Simpson said.
"It's dark in here!" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "Well thank you, Artie."
Homer Simpson answered "Sure. Moe."
"I think Dad may blow your cover.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Hey, hurry it up with the cards, Lenny. I've got you clocked at two miles per hour."
Homer Simpson said "You're the doctor."
"Uh, Dad?" Bart Simpson said.
"She's beautiful.", Lisa Simpson said.
"I make that in a year.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Woo hoo!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, better hurry up."
"Hmm. So you want to take the bus, huh? I don't know. That's a pretty big decision..." Homer Simpson said.
"Marge, your posture looks terrible.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Transport yourself to the shores of Nova Scotia, where cod and halibut frolic in--", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "It's happening in Ned's house! Why would he allow that?"
Marge Simpson replied: "I don't know."
"All right, you're not a Flabbi! Okay! I got it!", Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Uh, no."
"Okely dokely.", Ned Flanders responded.
Marge Simpson replied "You know, Mom, you and Abe have a lot in common. Umm, you both got swindled by that telemarketing scam."
Lisa Simpson replied: "We were asking you to appear on Krusty's come back special."
"Where's my elephant!" Bart Simpson responded.
"Food Dad! Food Dad! Food Dad!" Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Throw down your weapons and kiss the prairie, cowdorks."
"Well, that would be pretty careless of me, wouldn't it? I keep the real bill right here.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"I submit! I submit!" Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "You were in movies?"
Homer Simpson answered "Well son, I wanna show you how grateful I am. Let's go fishing."
Seymour Skinner replied: "Whoa! /"
Bart Simpson responded: "Oh, oh, baby!"
"Look, we've been down this road before. I do something stupid, your Mom leaves, we eat waffles." Homer Simpson answered.
"Will you get off my front lawn?" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "No fair! You only won 'cause you had the inside track! If the water was spinning the other way--"
Marge Simpson said: "Oh dear."
"Lisa, it's normal to be sad when a friend dies, and Bleeding Gums was a good friend to you. But nobody is really gone as long as we remember them." Marge Simpson answered.
"There's no net!" Marge Simpson said.
"Yes. Yes it would." Bart Simpson answered.
"You know, Master Simon, I too was once the youngest in a wealthy family.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Oh, Mom, please! You can make this my birthday and Christmas presents!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Say, I wonder if this Homer Nixon is any relation?" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "Good for you, Dad. Could you get me some syrup?"
Homer Simpson said "Well, whatever it is, we've got to get rolling on our next picture."
Lisa Simpson responded: "If they're really witches, why don't they use their powers to escape?"
Ned Flanders answered: "Neighbor, Marge invited me over to be the little angel on your shoulder, so you wouldn't listen to the four hundred devils on the other."
"...with a vengeance!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Uh-oh. What kind of ventilating is that?" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "You mean tell her I love her? Or I meaning you?"
Lisa Simpson: "Some of us still enjoy scripted comedy, sir."
Ned Flanders replied: "Catchy song, all right. You really wrote it?"
"Well, a little do-re-mi will smooth this over." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Yeah, suck like a fox!" Homer Simpson responded.
"This place is so enchanting, Hugh. I love it here.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "So did I, son. And look where I am today."
"It's pure." Seymour Skinner answered.
"No, no, I'd like to see the manager." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "Okay, did you get Trunch's D.N.A.?"
Marge Simpson answered: "Honey, what's wrong?"
"The sad part is, there were times when I actually had feelings for you. I almost felt I was your father.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "That could be Bart!"
Bart Simpson said "Dad, you killed the zombie Flanders!"
"Well you do, don't you?" Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "You must drive this stake right through his heart."
"What's his name?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Help us, Virtual Doc! Look at me! I'm on my knees!", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "All is calm / All is bright / Round..."
Marge Simpson replied "My contractions started an hour ago."
Marge Simpson answered: "I wonder what would happen if they had a baby?"
"Never!", Homer Simpson answered.
"DOO DOO DOO DOO DOO DOO DOO-DOO-DOO D-DOO-DOO / DOO DOO DOO D-DOO-DOO DOO-DOO-DOO D-DOO D-DOO-DOO D-DOO DOO D-DOO DOO", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, this is the worst Fourth of July ever. I hate America! Come on, Milhouse, let's go down there." Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "Stop! You're tainting my entry!"
Bart Simpson replied: "This place blows. I'm gonna go float a Baby Ruth down the mineral bath."
Homer Simpson answered "Please spare me. I'm not a murderer, I'm not. And I've never known the pleasures of a woman... or a proper eating apple!"
Marge Simpson replied: "Well, I'll make you forget all about it."
Homer Simpson answered: "Who said that? I'll kill them with my power!"
"Well, I've been cutting the felt kinda crooked." Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "WHO CAN TAKE THIS DIAPER?"
Marge Simpson replied: "I've tried to make those, but they always end up as brownies."
Marge Simpson replied: "Oh, that's all right. We'll just wait until everyone else leaves."
"Oh, little mouse, you are the only thing that keeps me sane." Homer Simpson answered.
"Look Lisa, there's something in here for you!", Marge Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Now if the house catches fire, I want you to call this number."
"Then we must keep this boy safe from harm!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Homer, sit down.", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "Well, that's not true! Everyone in this family is your friend."
Bart Simpson responded "Homer."
Ned Flanders responded "Homer, no! You promised... Everything was supposed to be by the book!"
"Open the can." Marge Simpson replied.
"Bo-ring!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Uh... Dad?", Bart Simpson answered.
"Da-ad!...", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Up or down?"
"Want a ride?", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, well... I didn't know that."
"Bart didn't get one vote?! Oh, this is the worst thing that ever happened to us. Alright, allright, spilled milk, spilled milk, spilled milk. What are you so mopey about?", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Cool! Way to adapt, little guy."
Bart Simpson responded: "Couldn't you just say you're sorry and not mean it? I do it all the time. I don't think I've ever meant it."
"Well, there's one thing you didn't count on: my Dad getting a giant wedding cake and my sister locking herself in the car.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Mmm... no."
"They're talking about the movie! Hurry up, you idiot! No, no, don't stop! I'm sorry I got mad. I'll do that thing you like." Homer Simpson answered.
"I'm outta here!" Bart Simpson replied.
"Lisa, tell your father.", Marge Simpson replied.
"At the University of... psyche!" Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Wow, he's terrified of you."
Homer Simpson said: "I'll put a hundred bucks in your col-lege fund."
"Man, that made me thirsty." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "D.Q.A.T.?"
Homer Simpson replied "He's not giving it to me, God is. Because I prayed for it."
"Don't throw this away. It's Rod's first tooth.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Get 'em now, jerks."
"Any ring is fine as long as it's from you." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Bart! You can't weld with such a little flame. Stupid kid."
Lisa Simpson answered: "That means you went to college, right?"
"Marge... are you encouraging me to be irresponsible?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Marge, spending time with you is more important to me than all the pie-eating contests in the world.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Ooh! Shlomo's Judaica is having a blowout on dreidels.", Marge Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Release the hounds!"
Homer Simpson replied "... Little stuff starts disappearing from the workplace."
"Ooops!", Bart Simpson answered.
"Whoa.", Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "I won't say anything controversial."
"Oh, yes, there is!" Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner answered "But it's actually magic!"
Homer Simpson: "I can't feel my legs!"
Seymour Skinner answered "A Spoor!"
"I can try.", Bart Simpson responded.
"That's comin' out of your stealings!" Moe Szyslak said.
Marge Simpson: "Gimme that."
"This was my bedroom! My bedpost smooshes are still in the carpet!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Aw, Lisa. You tried your best." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "And?"
"Me? Unlikely. My goony brother's always going to libraries. I usually hang out in front.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Ooo, a hundred and three! No school today." Marge Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak answered "Yeah, I'll handle this. So, you're the head inspector?"
Homer Simpson answered "Community service? But... that's work! What about jail?"
Bart Simpson responded: "Mr. Honeybunny!"
Marge Simpson said: "Lisa, did anyone force you to come here today?"
Marge Simpson responded: "And on the very top floor was a daycare center..."
Homer Simpson: "Hmmm. Increase my killing power, eh? Let's do it."
Homer Simpson said: "Good night, Bart."
"I'm trying to knock you out." Homer Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak answered: "THEN BACK TO MY PLACE WHERE I WILL GET YOU BLOTTO..."
"What the--?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh wait, I heard how this ends. It turns out the secret code was the same nursery rhyme he told his daughter.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "I was gonna have my classmates over for a homework party, but now my refreshments are ruined."
"I knew it all along.", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson: "Hi Mom! Over here! Mom!"
"See, honey, Daddy's protecting you from all the sharp scary things. Here, hold this a sec.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded: "Homer!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "Operation? What are you talking about?"
"Mom, I thought you might forget our little conversation this afternoon, so I took the precaution of recording it.", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "I'm not fooling around, people! Park your keisters in front of that TV! Now!"
"Hey, we got the whole night, baby -- let's slow things down." Homer Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders: "Bleh! Bleh! Bleh!"
Homer Simpson answered "Do you want to change your name to Homer Junior? The kids can call you Hoju!"
Moe Szyslak replied: "Marge is right. You are a pig. You can ask anyone in this bar."
"You're a good man, Homer Simpson.", Marge Simpson responded.
"I'd love to! I'll be right... wait... Are you sure you're not just trying to get me to make pizza for breakfast?", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Yes, not for their music, but for their tireless efforts to preserve historic buildings."
Marge Simpson responded "Thank you for everything."
Homer Simpson said: "Hmmm."
"Bart?! Is that you?", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "I don't know."
"Ahhh, I can see the music.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak replied: "Here ya go, ya little idiot."
Homer Simpson responded: "You spoke while you were jinxed so I get to punch you in the arm. Sorry, it's the law. Heh, heh."
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "SEE MY VEST... / SEE MY VEST... / OH, PLEASE, WON'T YOU SEE MY VEESSSST!"
Homer Simpson said "Good work, everyone. We're sure to be first in line for Duff Days."
"Because of you I'm going to Hell!" Ned Flanders said.
"Move or die!" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "C'mon. More turbulent than now?"
"Please stop!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "And Burly's still got soaking power. Spill something else."
Marge Simpson replied: "We'll meet you boys back here for dinner. Good luck honey."
"Here's what I would do... in the middle of the night, clean Bart's room for him, then in the morning thank him for cleaning his room.", Marge Simpson said.
"C'mon, memory, wake up!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Patty and Selma are dead? Woo hoo! A double funeral!"
Homer Simpson said: "You sure have got some education, Mr. Hutz."
Bart Simpson replied: "I forget what phase two is, but I'll assume we just dump the peaches like we discussed."
"Homer!" Marge Simpson replied.
"Did you give the money back to the people who lost it?" Bart Simpson said.
"No.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Finish the job." Homer Simpson responded.
"Don't worry. That won't take long." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "You stole my money!"
"Yep. You're gonna make it, Dad. And somewhere up there, I bet Red is saying thanks.", Bart Simpson said.
"I didn't say that.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Simpson."
"Dear Lord, I know you see all, but trust me, you do not want to see this.", Ned Flanders replied.
Homer Simpson said "Hey, knock it off."
"Now, sit! I said sit!" Bart Simpson replied.
"But due to lack of funds, Springfield Elementary is closed forever.", Seymour Skinner replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Oh no! The Pawnee have returned. They probably want their souls back."
"Oh, that's your excuse for everything. I've got to do something to get my money back quickly. This calls for an aggressive trading strategy." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Well, what have we got?"
Homer Simpson said "Various bug bites and wounds. Now stop interrupting your brother."
"Hey, I know where there's lots of paper!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "How much longer was Sherbert planning on making this piece of junk?"
Homer Simpson said: "Marge, give me a break! I don't notice the color of people's eyes! I just judge them on the color of their skin."
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Must... turn... over. Got to... greet... dignitaries!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "I'm trying to set a mood here."
Marge Simpson said: "Why don't you read something?"
"I thought we were supposed to do this together." Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "I love my sister."
Bart Simpson answered "Duh! Nobody wants their address painted on the curb. We do it without asking, and then they have to pay."
Marge Simpson responded: "Oh this, it's just a little Zelzel Minchet Aletcha Wat. It's all I ever eat here."
Marge Simpson responded: "Before you fix him... can you change one little thing? I'm embarrassed to ask this, but after we... snuggle, he always rolls over and goes to sleep and I'd rather..."
"Woo hoo! I win! In your face, best friends!" Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "Uh, I don't know I--"
"I guess it would be a hoot to have my face on everything." Marge Simpson replied.
"Phobos? That's a good job for me.", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "It's time for your surprise, Dad."
Lisa Simpson answered "That doesn't mean you don't have to do your book report. What if the weatherman is wrong?"
"My fellow Americans, and voting illegal aliens: I will not mince words. Your country needs you. That's why today I am proposing a Temporary Refund Adjustment." Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "What's on?"
"He is not my boyfriend!", Homer Simpson replied.
"That's a great idea. Why didn't you say something before?", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "I smell a bun in the oven."
Ned Flanders responded "You leave me no choice!"
"Fully. We have to go now." Lisa Simpson responded.
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME / HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME / HAPPY BIRTHDAY, OVERLOOKED MIDDLE CHILD -- HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"I knew it. Slowing down already, huh?" Homer Simpson said.
"Why?" Lisa Simpson said.
"I've got to stop being so petty. I should be Allison's friend, not her competitor. I mean, she is a wonderful person.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Would an American dollar encourage you to leave us alone?"
"Mr. Burns has a mother!? She must be a hundred million years old!" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "All right, there's your enemy! Now hit him! Hit him! Let's go, next group! Martinez! Steinberg! O'Hara! Chang! Olajuwon! Herman!"
"Wait, what was that?", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Okay guys, here's the deal -- I've gone bald.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Ow!"
Bart Simpson responded: "But it looks so cool. Listen, there's a mole inside CTU."
"Then that's what I'm gonna do." Marge Simpson said.
"Little Vicki, I figured out how to dance. I can be in the show now!" Lisa Simpson said.
"You know, if you take your foot off the accelerator going downhill, you wouldn't use so much gas." Ned Flanders responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Tony, you've gotta get outta here -- now!"
Homer Simpson replied "It's a hellhole!"
Homer Simpson: "I didn't do it for them. I did it for you, Marge. I'd kill for you. Please ask me to kill for you."
"Bashir, you didn't tell me you had a sister." Bart Simpson said.
"Thank you, Mr. President!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Goodbye, Annie, my eight-legged friend." Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said "Did you girls make Miss Hoover sick?"
"Now?", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "That's over sixteen thousand kilometers."
"And the spirit of neighborly cooperation broke out as if all the weird angry people had left.", Ned Flanders answered.
Seymour Skinner replied "Oh, well, that changes everything. Let's have a look. Get the ribbon ready."
"Hey baby, banned forever doesn't mean you can't go back sometimes." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "I'm your Jesus! Me!"
"Furious D?" Marge Simpson answered.
"Actually, it's exactly as I remembered it. I do want to come back, Bart, but it doesn't sound like Flanders is gonna get fired.", Seymour Skinner responded.
Homer Simpson said "Yeah. But what if I can't find any commercial rental property?"
"But I eat... Oh.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Come on, Lisa. Say something funny."
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Smithers, it's almost game time. Where the devil are my ringers?"
"Wait! What about that couple? They look pretty cozy." Homer Simpson replied.
"I already do that.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Hey, they're not eating." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Still nothing. But maybe now. Or now. The only thing that changes is the banner ad.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Suckers." Marge Simpson answered.
"Bart, we need to talk to you about your practice test." Seymour Skinner said.
"What's our back story? What's our back story?", Bart Simpson responded.
"I'd like to return this handbag. Unused.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Two hundred and eighty-six pages!"
"Hey, everybody!", Homer Simpson answered.
"That's funny.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "He deserves to be hailed at this wing ding."
"Well... I wasn't the one who solved the problem and neither was Lisa. There's something unsettling about that.", Bart Simpson replied.
"That's better." Homer Simpson responded.
"No, of course not! I don't know why girls are worse.", Seymour Skinner said.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Grampa's a vampire?!"
"You outrank Mr. Burns here?", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Who thought walking could be so difficult? Well, I'm sure everyone else is having trouble too."
"Or do they?", Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said "Ohh, let's try Matthew Perry!"
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Remember, Elliot, I'll be right here."
Lisa Simpson: "The hurricane's over."
"Something, something, something!" Bart Simpson said.
Ned Flanders responded: "No way! I won't even eat vegetables over two inches long."
"A wooden sign!", Seymour Skinner replied.
Bart Simpson responded "Uh... because I'm gonna bring it back to the store for store credit."
"Open your eyes, Lisa. Our schools are so jam-packed with immigrants, kids like Bart have lost the will to learn." Homer Simpson said.
"Hollywood producers have paid me a fortune, which I've already lost, for the rights to Bart's story. So I have to destroy anything that proves that story's not true.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Hey, when do we get the check for this?"
"I'm gonna taunt the Ph.D's." Bart Simpson responded.
"I'm making a documentary about a very special family." Lisa Simpson said.
"Hee hee, hee-hee-hee! Read 'em and weep boys, another pair of sixes.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Homer, you're my father, you're supposed to protect me from things like this!" Bart Simpson answered.
"What?!" Homer Simpson answered.
"This is offensive to Christians and prunes.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "C'mon, Flanders. There's got to be something you hate. What about mosquito bites?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Hey, you're that hitchhiker! What are you doing here?"
Lisa Simpson responded "Not my Dad."
"Well... back in my keister you go.", Homer Simpson replied.
"I don't know why I agreed to this." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "It's so beautiful..."
"Oh, that's a funny joke, Mr. Kinkaid. Is this an art class or a comedy class? Seriously, why is it three?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "This is the place I've read about! Where Dr. Bushwell lives among the chimps!"
"Hello. I'm a poor little sinner who's lost her way. May I join your order?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders responded "Thank you so much."
Bart Simpson said: "Anything could happen. One of these days I might have a complete psychotic breakdown."
Marge Simpson answered: "You were right, Homie. We shouldn't have rocked the boat. Then none of this would have ever happened."
"So how much you lookalikes make? 'Cause some say I look like Macaulay Culkin." Moe Szyslak responded.
Homer Simpson: "Crap!"
Lisa Simpson replied "Da-ad!"
Homer Simpson replied "Yes!"
"...did I say graham crackers?... chocolate, marshmallows, sticks, fire...", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "Imprisoned Congressman becomes born-again Christian."
"Akira, can you read this for me?" Homer Simpson said.
"Hit with stick! Hit with stick!" Moe Szyslak responded.
Lisa Simpson said "Stop it! Both of you! You have a common land! A literature! And the sweetest songs on earth! TOORA LOORA LOORA -- TOORA LOORA LIE / HUSH MY LITTLE BABY / HUSH NOW DON'T YOU CRY"
"Hey, hey, hey! I've been double-crossed here! You're pretty smart huh, Simon?! Let's see how smart you are with your voice box hangin' out!" Moe Szyslak said.
"Listen to 'em laughing... This is so humiliating... I'm never gonna live this down... Damn Flanders..." Homer Simpson replied.
"Uh, yeah...", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "I thought you came here looking for a challenge."
Marge Simpson: "Okay, fine, he is."
Bart Simpson replied: "...for me."
Moe Szyslak: "Oh... Oh, okay. Well, uh, I'll see ya."
Bart Simpson said "Whoa. Damn, this caterpillar can eat! Damn! DAMN!!!"
Bart Simpson said "Yes, there is, Kent. Ha! Ha! I didn't apologize!"
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "We're building a casino."
"Hmm. You've never heard of recycling? It means to reuse things to conserve our natural resources.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"I'll never wash this hand again.", Bart Simpson answered.
"You mean like we just did?", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "That's a very clever idea!"
Marge Simpson said "When did this happen? When did we become the bottom rung of society?"
Bart Simpson replied "Must be a secret government project."
Homer Simpson answered: "That's it. Go to your room."
"And did you pay for those clothes you're wearing?" Homer Simpson answered.
"And what was Ringo's response?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders answered: "Ah, Homer, why don't you plow it again?"
Marge Simpson answered "Phht, it's only midnight. Come on, I know a place."
"Please Homie, don't hurt him!" Marge Simpson said.
"Being a clown sucks. You get kicked by kids, bit by dogs, and admired by the elderly. Who am I clowning? I have no business being a clown. I'm leaving the clowning business to all the other clowns in the clowning business." Homer Simpson replied.
"I'd like to see our self-styled Valentino tomorrow morning, Smithers." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"You're alive?" Marge Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders answered: "Woo hoo!"
Homer Simpson said "How much is got, Wolfgang Schmuck?"
"But, Dad...", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "I'm glad I sent the kids to Grampa's to protect their innocent minds."
"Oh, I got it! Oh, it's just a thread! It was... She's got... she's got the washcloth!", Homer Simpson said.
"I do." Homer Simpson replied.
"It's true!", Bart Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak replied: "Ah, here you go, pal."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Shhh."
"Kiss my asphalt.", Homer Simpson said.
"So I thought to myself, what would God do in this situation?", Homer Simpson replied.
"C'est la vie, baby.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Please, please, please!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"We're broken." Bart Simpson answered.
"Well, you'll always be number one to me..." Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "You have to be there -- you miss way too many precious moments in the children's lives."
Lisa Simpson replied "Me too."
"I did go away, Mom! I was miles and miles and miles away, writhing in agony in the pits of Hell. And you were there! And you! And you! And you! You I've never seen before.", Bart Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner: "I'm afraid that information is confidential."
Seymour Skinner answered "Oh my God! We've got a thirty-year mortgage on that photocopier! Willie, stay your tractor!"
Homer Simpson replied: "All is well on tour with America's most popular alternative music festival..."
Homer Simpson: "Come on, these kids are never gonna use that stuff."
Homer Simpson answered: "Hey, maybe we could. But we'll need some liquid persuasion."
"Bravissimo, Luigi. Bring us your finest bottle of vino.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Why you little..." Homer Simpson said.
"I'd like to get my ear pierced.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Bo-ring."
Bart Simpson responded: "Earth to boring guy."
"Bewitched marathon." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Uh, yes sir, Mr. Burns, sir."
"I'll be out here with you, Dave." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Ta-ta."
Homer Simpson answered "Do I ever! It's five years later and I still think I'm a chicken. I'm a chicken, Marge."
Moe Szyslak replied: "Who wants ass frosting?"
"What I did made the TV thing happen." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Guys, are you feeling this? Are you feeling this?"
Homer Simpson said: "I love that little shill. Let's get her that diary."
"What's that rumble?" Marge Simpson answered.
"C'mon, Bart. Be a sport and kill Blitzen, okay?", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "Gimme that."
"Come on. Let's go. I can't stand to see my family unhappy on America's holiest day." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Carnies took over our house. You've gotta help us."
"What you need, my friend, is a Canadian Duff. Beauty, eh?" Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "Ewwwwww!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Well, if I could gouge out somebody else's eyes and shove them into my sockets, I would. But to me, she's beautiful."
Lisa Simpson said "My dad is very sick. What's gonna happen if he dies?"
Bart Simpson responded: "This isn't what it looks like."
Bart Simpson responded "Need a unit production manager?"
"No, no, don't get up, sweetheart. I'll just, I'll just pick around you. There we go." Moe Szyslak answered.
"More kippers, mum?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Lisa?!" Bart Simpson replied.
"Where's the beef? What the hell's that supposed to mean?" Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "Buh."
"Stop that sniffing! It's not for you! They're making the house next door smell like cookies so people will subconsciously want to buy it.", Marge Simpson replied.
"P.S., Chalmers and I are doing it." Seymour Skinner responded.
Marge Simpson responded "The only person getting an education here today was me! In how bad it is!"
Lisa Simpson answered: "I want a photo of the hero who risked his life to save me!"
Marge Simpson answered: "/ Oh! Breathe, Homie, breathe!"
"Woo hoo! Go S.U.!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Wait a minute! We haven't heard from me yet. The nut with the dynamite. The phone company is bamboozling you!"
"Oh my special little guys. You're okay, you're okay!" Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "Congratulations..."
"That smell takes me back.", Seymour Skinner responded.
Lisa Simpson answered "Don't you realize what's happening, Bart? Your comet is gonna collide with the earth and every living thing in its path will be killed."
"Never!" Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders said: "No, the lesson here is he's being punished for thinking women are beautiful."
"Flanders!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, right. Dad was Colonel Homer and he wore that awesome suit and Lurleen wanted to bunk his brains out! But I forget how Mom felt about it..." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Now, son, you don't want to drink beer. That's for Daddies, and kids with fake IDs... besides, it's such a beautiful night. How about a ghost story?"
"Rats." Moe Szyslak responded.
Seymour Skinner replied "Bart! How are you? How's school?"
Ned Flanders: "Oh...the network slogan is true. Watch Fox and be damned for all eternity."
"So it's a noise war he wants, huh? Then I'll throw in some rush-hour traffic!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Earth to Marge. Earth to Marge. I was there... the clown's G-I-L-L -T-Y.", Homer Simpson responded.
"You call that a slap? Make me slap you." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "But I was chosen by the Great Spirit to teach these young braves the ways of the antelope and the ear of corn... which we call maize... that the papoose... eh, I'll be at Moe's talking normal."
Homer Simpson: "Why you--"
Homer Simpson responded: "Clearly the boy's in shock."
"Please, Dad, I'll be fine.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner said: "I'm not joking, people! From now on there will be no talking out of turn, or leaving this room. Willie?"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Idioto! Idioto! Idioto!"
Homer Simpson said "Marge, get back in bed."
"I got the week off by telling Mr. Burns I had a neck injury!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Possible Daddy!" Homer Simpson said.
"Well, he's not in the neon sign store." Marge Simpson answered.
"You don't frighten me!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Gotta save Lisa, trash can or no trash can!" Bart Simpson responded.
"What a waste..." Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "Oh boy! Barty's gonna party!"
"What's the point of all these precautions? I've already lost the only thing that matters to me." Lisa Simpson said.
"No, the science fair's not till next week!", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "No, I mean it. I'm really serious this time."
"Oh, I did it! I conquered my fears and I made up for a lot of lost livin'. And I owe it all to the Homer Simpson program." Ned Flanders replied.
Homer Simpson answered "I'm leaving you, Marge. The next time you see my name will be in the hobo obituaries. Don't worry about the kids -- I'll drop 'em off with Patty and Selma."
"Smooth." Marge Simpson said.
"Oh, hey! Oh, wait, this ain't where I go to vote.", Moe Szyslak said.
"I don't like McNuggets, I'm a vegetarian!" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "I don't know."
Homer Simpson responded: "He killed Greystash!"
Marge Simpson answered: "You're looking at her through a father's eyes."
Lisa Simpson said "You could never have printed your version of the book without the publisher's password..."
Bart Simpson answered: "Cancel all my appointments."
Homer Simpson responded: "Lisa, I'll do the dishes when I pick it out of the chore hat, and it's not a practice. See, there it is. But that was a practice. The system works!"
C. Montgomery Burns said: "And now, with some fresh insights, one of the rising young stars of our nuclear family, Homer Simpson."
Homer Simpson replied: "Ha ha! I got you. Don't try that. I got ya. I'll block you. And the crowd is on its feet as Hurricane Homer moves in for the kill."
"Swings!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "They have those. They're government listings."
"Nothing's gonna stop me now." Homer Simpson said.
"Lisa needs braces." Marge Simpson responded.
"Flanders? Since when do you like anything cool?", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "This is Colby Krause. I hired him to help you improve your life. He'll get you back on a private plane in no time!"
"I wish you'd devote this much time and attention to our relationship." Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "Hmm, better sew that eye back on."
Homer Simpson replied: "There's always a catch."
"They want cheap sentiment? I'll pump 'em so full of sap they'll be blowing their nose with a pancake." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Heh-heh-heh, watch out Beatles! Now I have one more important announcement to share with you. Would Lisa Simpson join me on stage?", Seymour Skinner replied.
"Kids, I don't want you drinking any more milk. Ever.", Homer Simpson replied.
"You don't have children, do you?" Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Uh-oh."
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh yeah, great. Great, Marge. Great work. Thanks to you, Springfield will never be a natural gas boom town. And like all boom towns it would have lasted forever."
Homer Simpson replied: "Todd Smells. Aw, I already knew that."
Homer Simpson responded "Sorry, honey. I wasn't listening. And I won't be listening now."
Bart Simpson said "/"
Homer Simpson replied "Uh-huh..."
"This isn't a belt, it's a Tactical Pants-Retaining System. Check it out: compass, matches, whistle, saw, panic button, squirrel snare, radon-slash-lie detector, sphygmomanometer... and it's even got turn signals!" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "How do I know you're not a muncher?"
"I can't take it anymore! Every time I try to relax, she-- ow, my neck!" Bart Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak replied "Whoa, whoa, whoa! No offense, uh, but uh, I just ain't comfortable hanging around all night with, uh, y'know whatchamacallit... uh, swishkabobs."
Homer Simpson replied "Grampa always hated Bongo and loved money so he sold Bongo to a wicked farm witch just so he could hang out with a bunch of rich dogs and kidnapped Santa so I'd never get the toy I actually wanted--"
Bart Simpson said: "I want to get off."
"Not exactly. Smithers, for attempting to kill me, I'm giving you a five percent pay cut.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Homer Simpson said "Uh... actually my name is Barney. Yeah. Barney Gumbel."
"Well, my wife thinks it's too crazy for me, but I'm gonna prove her wrong." Homer Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner responded "Bart and Lisa are lost in Capital City and presumed crying."
Bart Simpson: "Well, I'm my own toughest critic, but I think it's genius. Now to sell it for millions."
Homer Simpson: "I just need to get closer."
Homer Simpson replied "Well, no panta-ma-mime, either."
Homer Simpson responded: "I'm fine."
Bart Simpson replied: "I really think that's coming from our house."
"Marge, you were like a wild beast. So voracious and prowly." Homer Simpson replied.
"Run!", Lisa Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "From the Wisconsin Standees! Milk-fed, yet so slim. Permit me to play you a tune on my mouth organ."
"Yeah, you throw like me." Lisa Simpson replied.
"I'm Bart and this is Lisa.", Bart Simpson said.
"I've decided to protect myself... Ever since I was attacked in my office by an unidentified assailant.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Arrrgh!"
Bart Simpson responded "Hey Grampa, we got a letter for Gramma."
"All right, here's the four one one, folks. Say some gangsta is dissin' your fly girl. You just give him one of these.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"I guess I could use an affectionate homage." Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson replied "Marge, we're missing the chili! Less artsy, more fartsy!"
"C'mon, everybody. Time for the family portrait. Let's bunch together now. Here we go." Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Well, bring them over in the Durango."
"This is all my fault, Dad. I didn't want you to get hurt." Bart Simpson answered.
"Hold it, Smithers! I'll open the can!", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Boring!" Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Amen."
Bart Simpson responded: "I'm listening..."
"Thank you. I've been studying. I even made flash cards!", Lisa Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak replied: "No, no, don't try to stop me."
Homer Simpson responded: "Yes, son. I'm the best mono-thingy guy there ever was."
"Maybe we should let the dog in?", Marge Simpson said.
"Dad, all that bacon cost twenty-seven dollars.", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "Well, I suppose I could write him a letter..."
Homer Simpson answered: "I know. I just thought maybe... boo!"
Lisa Simpson answered "Yes."
Homer Simpson responded "So, what do you think kids? Beauty, isn't it?"
"Setting it up!", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Jimbo drew a couple of pictures of his house in second grade. But I can't vouch for their accuracy -- the teacher gave him a frowny-face."
Lisa Simpson replied "It looks like a sturgeon."
Homer Simpson: "I recognized the logo."
"You've been transferred to India!?" Marge Simpson said.
"This barbecue will be hard, thankless work, but I'm sure you're up to it, Marge.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Yes!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Hey, Dr. J."
Lisa Simpson said: "Like what?"
"Fly, you fool!", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson replied "Wait a minute. This is today's paper. That meeting is tonight!"
"Like all too many stories about my family, it began with somebody watching television.", Lisa Simpson said.
"And on July first, 1898, Colonel Theodore Roosevelt and his band of Rough Riders charged up San Juan Hill and liberated Cuba.", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "Get your hands off my husband!"
"Dad, no! Gimme that." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Wait a minute. I'll do what Flanders does."
"I'm... a spare. Excuse me." Homer Simpson answered.
"Go get help, boy." Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, where could your father be?", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Good, good... You call Moe."
"Tonight on Jock Center: a slugger on 'roids, Tiger Woods is annoyed, and North Korean missiles deployed!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "I've never seen Marge like a DVD about a place so much. I'm gonna make her dream come true... by downloading that movie onto her iPod."
"Send the bill to Baron Von Kiss-a-lot." Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded "It's the kind John Glenn eats when he's not in space."
Homer Simpson: "What's goin' on?"
Bart Simpson responded: "Milhouse, what a pleasant surprise."
Homer Simpson responded "Searchy? Where can I find brake fluid?"
Bart Simpson answered "This movie you rented sucks."
"Hey, my dad may have gained a little weight, but he's not some kind of food-crazed maniac.", Lisa Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak replied: "Yeah, well I better go."
"That's the worst name I ever heard." Moe Szyslak said.
"Ah get back to your knitting, Seymour." Bart Simpson answered.
"Foxy boxing?" Bart Simpson responded.
"I brought you a cake. Read it." Bart Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Mmmm, delicious. Smithers, every year you outstrip yourself in succulence."
Homer Simpson answered: "Good, judge away."
"What?", Bart Simpson replied.
"You know what? We don't need him or his trophy. We got each other, huh?", Moe Szyslak responded.
"Sex problem, eh?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Sorry, Marge. But it's just that I'm still steamed up about that jerk Flanders. Lousy... bragging... know-it-all... show-off..."
Marge Simpson: "That's a female replacement hormone."
Ned Flanders answered "Well, my family and I can't live in good intentions, Marge! Oh, your family is out of control, but we can't blame you, because you have goooood intentions."
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Oh... bad corpse. Bad corpse. Stop scaring Smithers. Satisfied?"
Lisa Simpson replied: "Dad, that's not the real Batman."
"Cats sure breed a lot.", Moe Szyslak responded.
"I'll take it!", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"If you looked up meanie-beanie-fo-feanie in the dictionary, you'd see his picture." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Mmm, you probably left them at work. On another topic, guess who was picked to host the next NRA get-together?"
Lisa Simpson said: "Cinco."
"Great, great." Bart Simpson replied.
"OH NOOOOOO!!!!" Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "So love at first sight is possible."
"What's going on in here?" Marge Simpson answered.
"Anyone testing positive for narcotics will be terminated immediately!" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Yeah. And one of the Lassies is in there too. The mean one. The one that mauled Timmy." Homer Simpson replied.
"Plastic surgery, huh?... Ah, maybe they could dynamite Mount Crapmore here and carve me a new kisser." Moe Szyslak replied.
"Roger.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Bart, it's not Saturday." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Judges can't win the contest! Booooo!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Wait a minute. If I hadn't written that nasty letter, we wouldn't have gotten anything!"
Bart Simpson said "The munchers got Moe!"
Bart Simpson: "Aw, cheer up, Dad. You make a great hippie."
Homer Simpson: "God?"
Homer Simpson replied "Oh, are you? Well, you go ahead and call your precious dog warden, you old battle-ax, because my dog is tied up in the backyard."
Bart Simpson: "Okay, here's how it goes. I'm the leader. Milhouse is my loyal sidekick. Nelson is the tough guy, Martin's the smart guy and Todd's the quiet religious guy who ends up goin' crazy. And now, the time has come to cross this line into mystery and danger. To step out of childhood and become men."
"Ah man, he's makin' us look like a bunch of cheapskates. Whoa whoa. My rope came loose." Moe Szyslak responded.
"This is from the National Fatherhood Institute. It evaluates your knowledge of your son and rates you as a father.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Oh, if I buy this, I won't have anything left for a Christmas tree..."
Moe Szyslak said "Is... is there anything I can do?"
Lisa Simpson answered: "Mom, can you bring me more O.J.?"
"Thanks, honey, for saving me from myself." Marge Simpson responded.
"Well... what have we here? Looks like your un-cool dad scored tickets to Hullabalooza.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "That sounds like fun. I'll just tell Homer and--"
"Here's your skates. Oh, you'll have to take off those boots." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "Aww."
Bart Simpson: "Hitchhike -- it's faster!"
Bart Simpson replied "You just made a powerful enemy!"
"Thank you, sweet clown." Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Ooh, me sorry, me no speaky Chiny."
Homer Simpson said: "I don't need to rehearse. Ho, ho, ho, Merry... Line!"
Seymour Skinner said: "CTU -- the Counter Truancy Unit!"
"Oh, sorry." Homer Simpson responded.
"Full speed ahead! Damn the torpedoes!", Bart Simpson said.
"All hail Emperor Clobbersaurus!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "It just is. That's why."
Homer Simpson replied: "Eduardo. I haven't felt this good in years. You're like the Tooth Fairy except you don't collect human bones."
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, sorry."
"Gosh. This is all happening so fast. I don't know what to say.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "Good one."
"No, no, no, no, no, no, no! Please don't do anything. Not only have his grades gone up, but the enthusiasm has gone out of his pranks." Seymour Skinner answered.
"Great! Now we're raccoons -- the masked bandits of the animal world!", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Get back here, boy!"
"Is it really okay to just drop them into the pit where the Blockbuster used to be?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "Homer, you don't do things like that to be rewarded. You do them because a fellow human being needs a helping hand."
Homer Simpson said "Come on! Pick up the pace!"
"You're absolutely right, Homer. We don't need a baby-sitter.", Bart Simpson said.
"My name's Lisa Simpson. I think your protest was incredibly brave." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Listen you two, I'll tell you who the true God is if you're both quiet the rest of the trip!"
Homer Simpson: "I will! Edamame?"
"No." Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh, right. Separated.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Lis, that place is great! They have a jukebox in the basement! And look at the trick they taught me!" Bart Simpson replied.
"Oh, yeah.", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded "I could see a planetarium show without the secondhand marijuana!"
Homer Simpson said: "Wow, my vision is coming to life!"
"Nice parking, idiot." Homer Simpson responded.
"This was a wonderful idea, Homie.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Mine too. Just like back in that hay loft.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "It almost sounded like he plans to tear organs out of living people!"
"Hurry up, Moe, for the love of God! Hurry up!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Well, I might as well use this pucker for something."
Ned Flanders replied: "Homer, please, don't tempt the gods. I-I mean God! There's-there's one God! Only one! Well, sometimes there's three."
Lisa Simpson: "The cat dances better than I do."
"I didn't know Aerosmith made a cereal." Bart Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner responded "Every second without you is like a million kicks in the crotch."
Homer Simpson said: "Hello, police? I'd like to report a buzz-kill in progress."
Homer Simpson answered "Yeah? No kidding? Well, that sounds like you're gonna have fun."
Homer Simpson: "Kids, marriage is like a car. Along the way it has its bumps and dings, and this country can't make one that lasts more than five years. With Lurleen I just walked past the showroom and didn't even go inside. Now let's return to watching the news."
"All right. You got us into this, you get us out.", Marge Simpson answered.
"So long stomach. We've had a lot of great memories." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Good morning, everybody! What's for breakfast, cutie?"
"You're not ice cream... faker!", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "Just those who need help with French."
Moe Szyslak answered "Come with me."
"And the road maps and ice scraper?", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "BALANCE YOURSELF LIKE A BIRD ON A BEAM"
Marge Simpson responded: "What a wonderful thought."
"You guys need a break. Why don't I take Bart with me to the children's be-bop brunch at Jazzy Goodtime's?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "Look at the cool stuff that washed up!"
Homer Simpson responded: "That guy's hilarious. I especially like his white shirt and blue pants. Wait a second... Angry Dad is me!"
"Show me the law that says I can't! Wheee!" Homer Simpson responded.
"No, honey. You just passed out when you saw the private bedroom in our triple upgrade!" Marge Simpson replied.
"Y'ello." Homer Simpson responded.
"It's not funny! You're wearing cleats!" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Those two hairs were what was left of my youth, Moe."
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh. It's Bart. I can't believe it. I'm being mocked... by my own children... on my birthday!"
Marge Simpson replied: "No surrender!"
Marge Simpson responded "Your plan makes no sense."
Marge Simpson responded "You just don't say no to the Redheaded Stranger. And when I heard it was for awareness, that sealed the deal."
"Hidilly-hey, Homer!", Ned Flanders said.
"Um, well..." Bart Simpson replied.
"Tell me all you know about the gem.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Yeah!"
Homer Simpson responded "Well, I knew that before I came in here. A guy outside told me that."
Moe Szyslak said "Ah, she left to pursue a movie career. Frankly I think she was better off here."
Homer Simpson said "Marge, would you go to the prom with me?"
Marge Simpson answered: "...but, well, I guess he did miss three days of school --"
Bart Simpson responded "Hey, Milhouse. How's the lemonade business?"
"So, now you're smarter than your old man, eh?", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "For your information, since I bought it I put on a ton of weight."
"Nothing! I can't believe Vincent Price would lend his name to such a shoddy product.", Marge Simpson said.
"And Cinderella's stepmom made her sew clothes and mop the floor.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Woo hoo!", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "Carpool!"
Lisa Simpson responded "Bart! On't-day ell-tay om-may uffi-ray as-hay e-say e-days."
"I could've done a lot worse, Mother.", Seymour Skinner responded.
"Hey! I said that. My name is Lisa Simpson, and I made a chart of all the suspects in the Burns case. Look." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Who said you did?" Homer Simpson said.
"Jebediah Obediah Zachariah Jedediah Springfield came West in 1838." Bart Simpson answered.
"Nah.", Homer Simpson responded.
"What the hell was that? I probably shouldn't have eaten that packet of powdered gravy I found in the parking lot.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "And the food will all be weird foams -- cooked with chemicals, or served in a test tube. It's too crazy for you."
Homer Simpson said "Marge, I'm back!"
Homer Simpson responded "Yeah, but I gotta warn you that this thing is ee ... Yeah, that's what it is. Wanna try it? Heh, heh, heh."
Lisa Simpson said: "This test penalizes guessing."
"I've been having snuggle dreams!", Marge Simpson said.
"Ah, finally a little quiet time, to read some of my old favorites." Homer Simpson responded.
"I got an idea: you can march to Selma -- and tell her she's ugly!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "So you don't want to kill me anymore?"
Moe Szyslak replied "Thanks. So here's my digs."
"It wasn't easy, but I got all the grizzlies.", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "Mr. Simpson, I don't even know you -- I'm not making love with you!"
Homer Simpson said "Oh, all right, but not a minute later -- 'cause once the sun goes down, all the weirdos turn crazy."
"Me, too.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "So, Dad, what kind of stupid idea did you put in Lisa's head?"
Homer Simpson replied: "This interview is over!"
Bart Simpson responded "Hmmm, hmmm. Looking for the spot... Hmmm, hmmm, hmmm... Still checking. This is so stupid... I'm not gonna find anything... Just because I wrecked something she worked really hard on and I made her cr... Uh-oh!"
"You little shutterbug." Homer Simpson replied.
"Just a minute, Van Houten. Somebody needs to guard this place tonight so it doesn't get trashed. How'd you like to be night watchman?", Bart Simpson answered.
"Isabel! I want this campaign to be about the issues: same-sex fieldtrip buddies, providing class pets with a path to citizenship...", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "Who else has a story?"
"Don't you ever do that to me again." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Oh, I like taffy, but I don't deserve taffy."
"Cavalry Kids? That's pathetic." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Okay, Fat Load here."
Lisa Simpson responded: "No! The Smithsonian Traveling Exhibit."
"I didn't mean to, Mom. The gun pulled to the left --", Bart Simpson replied.
"Evening, fellow rockers." Homer Simpson replied.
"There's a spot!", Bart Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders replied "Jes... ? Jes... ? Don't you kids know anything? The serpent of Rehaboam? The well of Zohassadar? The bridal feast of Beth Chadruharazzeb?"
"What do you want?", Bart Simpson answered.
"Bart!", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "It's a small liberal arts college. Very law-abiding. No convicts at all."
"Oh. But... you run it, right?" Homer Simpson responded.
"And I hate the cutesy way you make Jack-o-lanterns! I like scary Halloween, not funny Halloween!", Homer Simpson responded.
"The Michael Jackson? No way!", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "Huh?"
Homer Simpson said "My campaign is a disaster, Moe."
Homer Simpson replied: "Bless you, bless you, how you doin'?"
"Turn around, Simpson.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Now now, honey. We all appreciate what you do. But real chauffeurs have uniforms and licenses. You could get in a lot of trouble with the Livery Commission." Homer Simpson answered.
"The Krusty Brand seal of approval. You can only find it on products which meet the high personal standards of Krusty the Clown.", Bart Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Get this bear off..."
C. Montgomery Burns: "Two now. Nineteen million, nine hundred and ninety-nine thousand, nine hundred and ninety eight on delivery."
"No, get two of your own." Homer Simpson said.
"Mom said we could watch it!", Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded "Great! Will you play Malibu Stacy with me?"
Lisa Simpson responded: "If they're anybody's children they're mine!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "See? Every time we get a tree, Mom disappears!"
Homer Simpson replied "We do that every night! Come on! Jump on the bed!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "I'm reviewing the festival for our school paper."
Bart Simpson responded "Sayonara, sucker!"
Moe Szyslak answered "No. We're phasing out the games. People drink less when they're havin' fun."
"Oh, you know how that embarrasses me.", Ned Flanders said.
Bart Simpson said "I will."
"Mmm, load-bearing wall.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "You mean like an electric blanketmobile?"
Lisa Simpson said "Quiet, Grampa. Hello... Mom?!?!"
Marge Simpson said "But I thought broccoli was--"
Homer Simpson replied: "Heads up, kids. I'm moving the seat back."
Bart Simpson replied "Maybe Laura could watch us."
Homer Simpson said: "Stay there! I'll come down and save you!"
Homer Simpson said: "Yeah. And I got a bucket on my head!"
"Don't you people see anything wrong with what Malibu Stacy says?", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "Honey, his name is Walt Warren, and he's a very nice man. He stopped me from driving away with my coffee cup on top of the car."
"Eat, eat! You're nothing but skin and bones." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Not now, Martin."
"What are you doing home from work?", Marge Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak: "Okay, I get it. I ain't pleasant to look at."
"Oh, ye Gods! My roast is ruined!" Seymour Skinner answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Now fly -- To the Canary Islands!"
Marge Simpson responded "And maybe when we get home we can ride down something else."
"Gentlemen, sometimes a man must put his marriage at risk for reasons that are confusing even to him.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded: "Homer, just take him to the bathroom."
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, you're right. I'm a coward. I've made such a mess of things. If only there was some magic potion that would make those crops grow..."
Marge Simpson said: "Fish theme! That tells me nothing!"
Moe Szyslak responded: "Okay, come on, come on everybody. We've got to get on with our lives. Let's try and put this tragedy behind us."
Seymour Skinner replied: "Yes sir?"
"Oh, what's the use? When a man isn't a hero to his son, he's nothing." Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh my God... multiple tickets... handicapped spot... parked by a hydrant... incomprehensible vanity plate...", Homer Simpson replied.
"The foul stench of death is upon us. Mmmm... hamburgers.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "I came to fight City Hall. I wanna shake things up, Patterson. Stir up some controversy. Rattle a few cages."
Homer Simpson replied "Well, at least we've got the best asbestos."
"Well, that's nice. But first, you've gotta grab their attention. And I think I know how...", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "You're never alone in this crapshack!"
"Yes, you! Baboon, baboon, baboon, baboon!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Hey, those Yelp reviews don't write themselves. Did you know a well-placed one star can destroy a mom and pop hardware in nothing flat?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, hey, you guys can come with us."
"Simpson! Time's up!" C. Montgomery Burns said.
Marge Simpson answered: "I suppose I would."
"Well, I think the veal might have died of loneliness...", Homer Simpson answered.
"Why does Maggie have to go?" Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Stop laughing at me!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Wah neh! Wah neh!"
Lisa Simpson answered "Good. Maple soda?... A cell phone full of candy?... Astronaut bread?"
"I didn't raise him to be a quitter, Marge. It must have been you. You've quit every job you've ever had: cop, pretzel vendor, church counselor, professional gambler...", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "Mom, Dad and Mr. Burns could be trapped in there!"
Marge Simpson replied "Con: You're endangering your health."
"Moe! He's got a dark side I've never dreamed of.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Uh-huh." Homer Simpson replied.
"Okay. How do you address an Archbishop?" Lisa Simpson said.
"Ah, me too!" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Aw, aren't they sweet. Any medical things I should know about?"
Homer Simpson answered "Patty. Selma. I'm sorry."
"Homer, this is serious. This Bashir kid is Muslim, and therefore up to something.", Moe Szyslak responded.
"I'm having a hard time seeing. Homer, did you remember to put the fog lights in?", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Marge, anyone can miss Canada... all tucked away down there."
Marge Simpson replied "Oh, Homer... we love you."
Homer Simpson responded "Sorry. I forgot I bought the soundtrack album."
Homer Simpson said: "Oh, I miss her."
"I'm not fat!", Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "How did I do?"
"C'mon, boy, dig in. They'll give you a big, strong thorax." Homer Simpson said.
"Good. You're gonna need that adrenaline to make the final jump." Homer Simpson responded.
"I borrowed your wallet!", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Not at all."
Homer Simpson responded "Well, this is my floor."
"Ooooh." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh sure, when he does something bad, he's my father."
"Twenty- one? Do that card-counting thing again! Come on. Do it again.", Homer Simpson answered.
"No, France.", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Wow, this is so much like my dreams it's scary."
"Mom, this isn't the way home." Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "How'd a Pull-Up like you get a great card like that?"
Homer Simpson: "Lisa, when you've sustained as many blows to the head as I have, consistency is something, something that, something I love you, Bart."
Marge Simpson: "Could you start fixing it pretty soon? The basement is getting awfully flooded. And I think the cat's down there."
"Artists." Homer Simpson said.
"Is it snowing down here?", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "Well... I like that its message is in sap and not in blood... like some miracles I could mention. Passover."
"Listen -- can you teach me to fight like you do?", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Sweetie, you don't understand. If I can do this myself, then all those lies I told will be true. Don't you want Daddy's lies to be true?"
Homer Simpson replied: "They're gonna blow it up!"
Homer Simpson responded: "One more ride?"
Ned Flanders replied: "Now, the secret to the windmill hole is to--"
Marge Simpson answered: "Homer, we're not really playing."
Lisa Simpson replied "Forgive us, Dad, but it takes time to properly sugarcoat a response."
Marge Simpson answered "Please don't bring home anymore old crutches!"
Lisa Simpson answered "That's not true, Bart. Mom and Dad value us equally, and... oh, you're right. 'Kay, go ahead."
Homer Simpson answered "Go ahead, General Sherman! Waste your strength, you big ugly catfish. I gotta skillet and a stick of butter with your name on it."
Homer Simpson responded "Aww..."
Homer Simpson responded "Well, you don't have to call me slovenly."
"Oh, bless you, sir.", Ned Flanders said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "But I'm not fruit! I'm a kid!"
"The black hole is looking a lot bigger. Does anybody want to admit to throwing things in?" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Loyal citizens of New Springfield. You stayed on my side of town despite a total lack of hospitals and schools, and a sewage nightmare that threatens to consume us all.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Marge, you're making a big mistake. I'm going to see you all day at work and all night at home...", Homer Simpson said.
"What record? Stupidest death?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"MY COUNTRY 'TIS OF THEE / AUSTRIA-HUNGARY...", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"That beautiful voice! It's making my heart race!", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Bah. It's as easy as crushing an ant!"
Bart Simpson responded "Nikki! Thanks for saving my life."
Lisa Simpson responded "Back to normal."
Marge Simpson said: "Nothing solves everything forever like a wedding."
Bart Simpson replied "Whatever. Just tell Wendell I said bye."
"Don't talk to me like I'm a client!" Marge Simpson responded.
"Homer, you help too.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh, it is, it is. But we've been pushing that poor horse too hard." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Oh! The whole forest is blooming!"
"I think I'm gonna use this card right now." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Thanks, Flanders. Punch my eye, destroy my marriage. Now just pull the plug and let me die."
Bart Simpson replied "I call this room!"
Lisa Simpson answered "What?"
"Hi, is Milhouse home?" Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "And she lived happily ever after?"
"Homer! Homer, he's not going to get tired! You've got to hit him back! Hit him back!", Marge Simpson answered.
"He sure is!", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Uh, the Long Island Ice Teas?"
Homer Simpson said: "It's coming down. My foot is, that's it, Marge. It's coming down. The cable stays. The foot has spoken."
Homer Simpson replied "Good. Good. One more."
"Ah, young love." Homer Simpson responded.
"It's clown trouble. That's your responsibility." Marge Simpson answered.
"Okay Lisa, now open the present from your father and me." Marge Simpson replied.
"Familyicious.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "You know, if you want to be in the gang, eventually you're gonna have to get motorcycles."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Yes, I really should stop ending the tour with it."
Homer Simpson said "Be patient, son. A rushed car never crashes."
Homer Simpson said: "There are so many choices. Bolo? Clip on? Piano keys? Ten Commandments of Beer?"
Homer Simpson said: "I really should look at this picture a little longer."
"People's views change. Bobby Kennedy worked for Joe McCarthy. Larry David was on Fridays.", Marge Simpson said.
"What happened to you, man? You used to be cool.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "You're thinking of all the other years. This year's shows are classics."
"Bart sure is fond of that cow gentleman.", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "Does he give you money for getting good grades?"
"I don't know. Some guy I guess.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "You have the right to remain silent..."
Marge Simpson said: "Moe, I need to tell you something."
Bart Simpson replied: "Hey, give me some room! Watch the elbow, Seamus!"
"Here's my underwear drawer." Homer Simpson responded.
"Hm. That thought never occurred to me. Funny how your mind works in a crisis.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "It's true. It's all true."
Homer Simpson answered: "How would you know?"
Bart Simpson said "One boy to go, please. Easy on the freckles."
"What'd we do?" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Now's our opening. Come on, you idiots, we're taking back this town!"
"What a day. First the drinking fountain squirts me, and now this!" Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Please, your Majesty, I know that I, like many other Americans, have behaved like a total buffoon."
"First prize... first prize..." Seymour Skinner said.
"I'll just retire to my bed." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"I think he might come home if we can show him we can treat him better.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Please Dad." Bart Simpson replied.
"So Bart, our school policy is to give students in your situation straight A's.", Seymour Skinner responded.
"Hey, what the hell is that geek Flanders doing on TV?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Marge, no machine could ever replace you. Why you-- or could it?"
Homer Simpson: "Oh man, I need something to settle my stomach."
Homer Simpson said: "Eh, how're they gonna find me?"
"Y'ello." Homer Simpson answered.
"What? Get bent." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Atta girl. I love you, sweet --"
"Thank you.", Marge Simpson responded.
"I wonder if this kind of violence really does desensitize us?" Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Hel-lo? Hel-lo Einstein? I said a place to put my drink. You know those Super Slakers they sell at the Kwik-E-Mart? The cup is this big!"
"Lisa! Do you have a stray dog down there?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Strike three, Marge. I remember that meeting, and I have a photographic memory." Homer Simpson said.
"He's not a bad boy.", Marge Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders said: "Fine, I guess. Thanks for loaning me your pajamas, Homer. And Marge, thank you for those helpful chip bag clips."
"De nada, Grampa." Lisa Simpson replied.
"So, you guys have any videogames?", Bart Simpson replied.
"Hey, boy. How was soccer practice?", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "McMansion, McMansion..."
"Sorry.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Yes we do. The cookie told me so."
Moe Szyslak replied: "The next morning, we went out to the old quarry to have a swim..."
Marge Simpson: "Homer, how did you think I'd feel when I saw that?"
Lisa Simpson said: "We have been here six hours and the coolest thing we've done is stand in the Cool Zone."
"Unauthorized meat-a-pult. Off the list.", Seymour Skinner answered.
"Homie... I'd better start dinner.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Here's the score, Mister:", Marge Simpson said.
"Just buy me the friggin' toy.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak answered "Just, uh, linin' up all the Presidents nice and neat... ain't tryin' to be no hero ..."
"Are you crazy? I can't believe a play where every character was murdered could be so boring." Bart Simpson responded.
"Thanks, Willie!" Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "Put it away. Put it away!"
Bart Simpson replied: "...and that's where I found him."
"Okay, Dad..." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Were they now?"
Lisa Simpson replied "I do! It enrages me!"
"I didn't know you cared about ballet.", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Aw, come on, Mom!"
Marge Simpson replied "But our water was on fire."
"A deal's a deal, little sister. Tomorrow after school, go to her house and t.p. her.", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "Thank you, honey. They come in a squeeze bottle now."
"That's the sweetest thing any baby has ever done for me.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Yes! Will I get to meet Dave?", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "C'mon, it'll be fun."
"Take that!" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Well, I get up, I dance, I spell out the name of the city... all to the tune of Baby Elephant Walk."
Marge Simpson said "If you just..."
Lisa Simpson said: "Can I weld that?"
"Yes, we've isolated the problem and wouldn't you know? False alarm. It seems a single wayward crow flew into our warning system.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Aw, look. I've made some friends. And now, go do my bidding... whatever it may be!"
"I said I'm a human, not a girl." Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Was I there?"
"Hey, we'll worry about that after you're elected." Bart Simpson answered.
"Yeah. You know, looking at this sweet precious child makes me want to have one of our own." Homer Simpson responded.
"Look here, Inspector. Could I speak to you privately I-in my office?" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"All I need is my trusty sling and one good hard...", Bart Simpson answered.
"Uh huh. And how much does it cost?", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "Bye, Laddie."
Marge Simpson: "Why don't you wear a tie that goes with my eyes?"
"Go on. Please." Marge Simpson responded.
"I was out getting drunk, then killing people!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Simpson!", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"SKINNER! / YOU SURE LOOK GOOD IN CHAPS... SKINNER..." Seymour Skinner replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "What're you, the narrator?"
Lisa Simpson replied: "The Pennyloafer!"
"Yes, sir." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson: "Willie, stop!"
Ned Flanders replied: "I want you to punch me in the eye. If you do, then we're even, according to Exodus, Leviticus and Matthew."
Homer Simpson replied: "This is the darkest day in the history of Springfield. If anybody wants me, I'll be in the shower."
"Sweetheart, there's nothing I wouldn't do for that magazine.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Yeah, the decent thing to do is bury him at sea." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Good, take this note over to the referee."
"First, I want you to hurl a ball at the nearest authority figure." Homer Simpson replied.
"Yeah.", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered "Hey, you're right! What I enjoyed was spending time with my husband."
Homer Simpson answered "Can you be my dad?"
Homer Simpson answered: "You know, Marge you're right. The Simpson family is the best possible club I could belong to."
"I got ya." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Were you the ugly one?"
Lisa Simpson: "What's the point? They'll never notice."
"Oh, so much money..." Homer Simpson said.
"Go! Save yourselves!", Marge Simpson replied.
"You're gonna get a bath tonight.", Marge Simpson replied.
"That didn't answer anything. I need more information." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Up-up-up. When I'm done.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Hey, it's me, Bart. Your biggest fan?", Bart Simpson answered.
"Now to return to a future where I'm either rich or allowed to stand in front of a rich guy's house. Either way, better than now.", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "Oooo."
"Tutoring? The only thing Bart's teaching is guerilla combat in Shelbyville.", Lisa Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns: "Hello, pretty boy. That's quite a beak on you."
"Lisa, honey, if you really want to preserve his memory, I recommend getting a tattoo. It preserves the things you love." Homer Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders responded "Well, guess! Book of Revelations... Fire-breathing lion's head... tail made out of snakes... Who else is it gonna be?!"
"Sure is sunny... Was the air always this fresh?... I'm just gonna hang out in this vent." Bart Simpson responded.
"Behold, the tailgate party -- the pinnacle of human achievement!", Homer Simpson responded.
"I don't mind being called a liar when I'm lying, or about to lie, or just finished lying. But not when I'm telling the truth." Homer Simpson responded.
"Hm.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"You mean those leagues where parents push their kids into vicious competition to compensate for their own failed dreams of glory?" Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered: "It's gone..."
Homer Simpson said: "What's that got to do with it?"
"Here's a role model for you, boy: Rin Tin Tin. He was brave on and off the screen. He was the first openly gay dog in Hollywood." Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered "We need to take this into the belly of the beast. Mr. Scalper, give me a ticket."
Bart Simpson replied: "You bet I do."
Homer Simpson replied "Hey everybody! How you doin'? Look at me! I'm Homer Simpson! Heh...heh."
Homer Simpson responded "They'll be back. We control the world's supply of tomacco and no one can take that away from..."
"You love your son. How can you be so hard on him?" Marge Simpson answered.
"Yes! I'm missing one son! Return it immediately!" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"You can't break us up. We're like a family here." Seymour Skinner responded.
"No! I don't agree!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak said: "Don't pull! Don't pull! I said don't pull! Don't!"
"Yeah, look at 'em crowding the bar! There's Sully, and Mack, Jimmy D. and Jimmy B.! What can I get ya, boys -- the usual?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Loveless loners are so lucky. There's no way I can afford to give Marge a nice anniversary present.", Homer Simpson said.
"Cold. So cold.", Homer Simpson replied.
"See?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Get to the show!"
"Good-bye, Bart!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Was that... uh, was that toilet always next to the refrigerator?", Ned Flanders answered.
Homer Simpson said: "How can anyone relax when they made us park in stack parking?"
"What did you do this time, you little hoodlum? Oop. Get out of the way." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "He said what now?"
"Maggie, look what's in your ear, a penny." Moe Szyslak responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Huh?"
Bart Simpson answered: "Not cinnamon."
Homer Simpson replied "You really put on a great reception, Marge. It's like the happy flashback in a gritty cop thriller."
Homer Simpson answered: "What did I say? What's going on?"
"Look, if you tell what I did, I'll get in trouble." Bart Simpson said.
"Aiyeeee!" Bart Simpson responded.
"You're gonna regret this." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "I'm just saying, why not have two geniuses in the family? Sort of a spare in case Bart's brain blows up."
Homer Simpson: "Mmm... memo."
"I call the red one!", Homer Simpson answered.
"I know he doesn't look like him, but I'll never forget that voice!", Bart Simpson answered.
"I'm Lisa, I'm eight years old, and this might sound presumptuous, but -- I'm your favorite.", Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "I am proud to honor the players of the Negro Leagues of Rollerball. And as we strive for the desegregation of all deathsports, we cannot help but be inspired by..."
"Maybe you killed them all.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"We're not losers. Last year we finished six and five." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "You know, boy, some of the players you see tonight may make it to the big leagues, one day."
"How do you like my new wheels, Simpson?" Ned Flanders responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Hey Flanders, Don't spill my beer!"
Bart Simpson said: "Missed one, Dad."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Could you?"
"I'll never pay off that debt.", Homer Simpson answered.
"No. Marge, if I lose my job in this economy, it's a death sentence. Oh, I guess, as a fallback, I could direct films like Angelina Jolie. How many properties do we have an option on?" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Marge, do you want this last pork chop?"
"The place that changed my life?" Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "Hey everybody, Mom's home."
"Come on kids, fun comes from inside -- it isn't about what we actually do.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Three-peat."
Homer Simpson: "Hey! Where are you goin'? I'm your pal! I took you for a walk once!"
"Krusty?", Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "I don't care what that stupid test says, Bart. You're a dimwit."
Moe Szyslak said: "Why you! I'm gonna chop you into pieces and make you into a Rubik's cube, which I will never solve!"
Marge Simpson: "Can I interest you in a mincemeat pie? There very..."
"It's Easter! Why aren't these people at work?!" C. Montgomery Burns said.
"And no TV!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Duck, Mr. Lincoln!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Nice doin' business with you, boy.", Homer Simpson replied.
"How 'bout this?" Bart Simpson replied.
"Wow, Marge -- once again, your Mom-ly wisdom averted disaster." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "Hmm, I don't know."
"Oh, this sucks. I want to see Vice-President Cletus.", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "You'll never guess how many bath towels they gave us... enough!"
Bart Simpson said: "You should have seen the look on your face. It was something like this."
Marge Simpson: "Oh Homer, save me, save me!"
Marge Simpson answered: "Homie, she's not making a snuggle film."
Homer Simpson replied "Deal. See, Flanders, you give a little, you get a little."
Bart Simpson responded "Oh, aw, man, how are we supposed to kill the rest of the afternoon?"
"Well, you won't be laughing when you see how many pickpockets this thing catches." Homer Simpson said.
"Can I turn my phone on?" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "I just wanna sit down, but the line for the bench is too long."
"How 'bout some sauce?", Moe Szyslak responded.
"You're a very selfish man.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "I know what you mean. Our dog had that."
Lisa Simpson answered: "He is. And may I save that paper?"
Homer Simpson responded "Okay."
"You're gonna be so embarrassed. There are two other people at this party dressed just like you." Lisa Simpson said.
"Make with the tea, Jeeves.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Nothing like un-tossing a leftover salad. It'll be like new!", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Okay, little buddy, hop in!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Are we there yet? I'm thirsty."
Bart Simpson answered: "... Flintstones' chewable morphine."
"What?" Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said "It's Bart."
Bart Simpson replied: "Please, just leave me alone!"
"I'm not sure that is water." Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Let me finish my sentence!"
"Don't worry, Mom. They all passed by.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Three steps right..." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "And when I couldn't talk, I learned to listen."
Homer Simpson responded: "Oooo."
Ned Flanders said: "Well, I'm convinced. The house stays!"
Moe Szyslak responded: "Now wait a minute..."
"They said if I come in late again, I'm fired. I can't take that chance." Homer Simpson said.
"He is alive. He's wagging his tail." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "My daughter's at that Egyptian dealy right now. She wanted to take a limo, but I made her take the bus."
"Homer, I don't want guns in my house! Don't you remember when Maggie shot Mr. Burns?" Marge Simpson said.
"Ah, Larry, my lad, I've gone over this story in my mind a million times. It was 1941 -- the -- no, '39 -- my 25th Yale reunion..." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"I should have known I wasn't old enough to take the bus alone, but I really wanted to see that exhibit. I'll never take another stupid risk like that again!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Ooh, this is one of our trips to Barnacle Bay! We used to rent a beach house there every summer." Marge Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "I don't want to hear your whining. I'm a bored and joyless old man, give me a laugh!"
Marge Simpson responded: "I hope Dylan likes trucks."
"The system works!" Bart Simpson replied.
"Laugh at the clowns' buffoonery!", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Just set it to voice mail." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Bart Simpson replied "They're gay, I get it."
Marge Simpson responded: "So you're good at noticing dress colors, but not the eyes that make your dinner!"
Marge Simpson replied: "Oh well, this is our stop."
"Marge, I did it out of love. Love of not being arrested. But I realize now that nothing is more important than you." Homer Simpson said.
"Hey, everyone, I'm back! Great to see ya! Nice seein' ya!" Homer Simpson replied.
"You're pretty uptight for a naked chick. You know what would loosen you up? A little fruit." Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, come now. Everyone has his price.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Eeenie meenie minee moe, catch a tiger by the toe... If he hollers let him go, eenie meenie minee moe."
"Why are you torturing me? I'm just a man.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh baby..." Homer Simpson said.
"Sleep tight. The Container Store now has five convenient locations!", Homer Simpson answered.
"And that man sold it to me!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Who are you?", Bart Simpson responded.
"Kids, there's something I have to tell you -- your mother and I are wetting the bed.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Sure we can't talk you into it?"
"Excuse me. How can you put up an exhibit on the origin of man and not have one mention of the Bible?" Ned Flanders answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Oh, yes."
Marge Simpson replied "Oh my God. You've taught me a valuable lesson!"
"Oh no. I'll be socially unpopular. More so." Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "Y'know, I was skeptical, but I guess therapy works."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Bart!"
"Business, what business?", Marge Simpson replied.
"Well, tonight is a very special night. Your father is taking me out for dinner and dancing." Marge Simpson answered.
"No, don't tell me, I'll get it... Oh, I know! The Lord is vengeful! O Spiteful One! Show me who to smite, and they shall be smoten!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Whoa! Homer, it's like there's a party in my mouth and everyone's invited." Moe Szyslak said.
"Bluella?", Lisa Simpson said.
"Ignore, ignore!", Bart Simpson answered.
"So I looked in the window and there it was, the grossest sight I have ever...", Bart Simpson replied.
"Whuh?", Bart Simpson replied.
"S'allright?", Bart Simpson replied.
"No. We can't start thinking that way about our own family members. Suspicion could tear us apart." Marge Simpson replied.
"Whoa, whoa, whoa...", Homer Simpson replied.
"Pardon my French, but sometimes that man's a goofy-doofy.", Marge Simpson said.
"Uh, that's a parasol.", Moe Szyslak responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "Why does Jesus have a lasso?"
Marge Simpson said: "Oh honey, that's just silly! This'll show Helen Lovejoy, always bragging about her He-She cousin!"
Marge Simpson responded: "Oh my God, I've never felt so... uncreeped-out by you!"
Marge Simpson responded: "Oh my, it's five o'clock! I missed visiting hours."
"Did you two ever get back together?", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Hello!"
Bart Simpson responded: "Mo-om! Dad's imagining me as food again!"
Homer Simpson said "Hey, you're the one always bugging me to screw up our marriage."
"If you kissed her that would be lovely.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Aww, a gift from my favorite crustacean." Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Look, I did marry her, but I abandoned her. Amber, tell her how I abandoned you."
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "As you can see, this old place is falling apart. But I'm sure we can come to an understanding."
"Wait, I have a better idea. You'll work for me now.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"He's going to die!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "Oh, Homie! You make each eight-year interval better than the last!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Pay the man, boy."
Marge Simpson responded "Artie Ziff? Ohh, oh, that e-mail. Look, I got a little drunk and we..."
"I have the situation under control. The compass needle is pointing east." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Sleep is for the weak, Apu! Now I'm gonna go to bed while you look over my notes from ninth grade history."
"Will you bring me back something?", Homer Simpson said.
"My RV is gone! It was more than a motor home. It was a car I could go to the bathroom in. Hey, a note.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Shhhh! Just watch.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Milk. That's for babies and old guys who can't sleep at night because of what they did in the war. Broccoli." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Chair goes round... chair goes round."
Marge Simpson: "Me too, Moe. What a nice surprise that we've become friends."
"Ah, I tell ya the way these checks keep coming in, it's almost criminal." Ned Flanders responded.
Bart Simpson said: "Milhouse!"
Lisa Simpson answered "Shaft."
"Now, folks, nothin' spells fun like rhinestones on a dungaree jacket!", Ned Flanders replied.
"Is Seymour there? Last name, Butts.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Moe has a cappuccino machine??!!"
Ned Flanders replied: "The steering wheel is a giant onion ring!"
"My yard sale is a failure. I guess I'll have to give everything to the Salvation Army." Marge Simpson said.
"You cost me a piece of all of that!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, well, he may be a horrible freak, but he's still my son. I'm sure we'll grow to accept him in time.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Look!", Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "Calm down, Dad. What happened?"
Seymour Skinner answered: "Ah... oh, that isn't smoke. It's steam. Steam from the steamed clams we're having. Mmmm, steamed clams."
Homer Simpson replied "Y'ello."
Homer Simpson replied: "You faked it?! Lisa, how could you?!"
"For the last time, no!" Ned Flanders said.
"All right, show yourselves in the name of this book!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, I don't want to bother the internet with my problem." Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Eh, they'll be chewin' on him for a while."
Bart Simpson said "I know, the window!"
Homer Simpson said "Hmm... me, the patriarch of a bird-racing dynasty..."
"Wow, Lenny. Your apartment is stunning.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Where? Where?" Homer Simpson answered.
"All right!" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "But Marge, we're not mass married."
"Why do we have to audition for this stupid play and Dad gets to leave?", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "I got the idea from a show where people regret these."
Marge Simpson replied "Maggie's genius and creativity far exceeded that of the others. And I'm not just saying that 'cause I'm her mother."
"I think a hurricane is coming!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Smithers, this calls for the League of Evil!", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Possibly!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Let's go, kids. I can't watch any more."
"I denounce thee for giving people ambitions they cannot fulfill! And I denounce thee for positing a world where social acceptance and walking on heels are easy!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Reverend, why do we really need this?", Marge Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "See if Lenny wants to go in on a spoon."
Bart Simpson replied "Didja hear that, Mom? She's as dumb as me!"
"No.", Homer Simpson said.
"Who loves ya, baby?" Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "What? Name me one person who's gotten rich by doing yo-yo tricks."
"Done." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "Honey, if you get too competitive you'll never be happy. No matter how good you are there's always gonna be someone better than you. I always thought I had the tallest hair. But that trip to Graceland really opened my eyes."
"Where's all my stuff?!", Bart Simpson replied.
"Could you cut it out, you two? Mommy needs some quiet right now.", Marge Simpson said.
"Now, on to the next funny booth." Homer Simpson replied.
"Lisa, if you ever want to quit and come home, I'll be here in half a jiff." Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "Yeah, that must be it."
Homer Simpson said "Man, that bird did it all. Good guy."
Homer Simpson replied: "Okay, what's an appropriate movie for you boys?"
Bart Simpson responded: "Ah-ha! Made you rise."
"Barney!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "I don't care about these church jerks... church jerks... church jerks..."
Marge Simpson responded: "Sweetheart, come to dinner."
Ned Flanders responded: "Hm, sounds like a plan."
"Wow...", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "I can do this... I can do this..."
Homer Simpson: "Marge, it takes two to lie. One to lie and one to listen."
Lisa Simpson: "Thanks. I'll see you in heaven."
"Wait a minute, Marge. I saw Mrs. Doubtfire. This is a man in drag!", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied "Ew. How 'bout I'll just look at you."
Bart Simpson replied "So you're saying I should do your job, for you, at home, for free. You wish."
"N-Not yet. But one of the mall security guards took a good long look at a left-handed ice cream scoop.", Ned Flanders replied.
"Bart, I got a cassette from Mom and Dad! I thought we could listen to it together.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Why... that's my husband!" Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "Just let 'em ring."
"No. They moved to Phoenix." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "What a mall!"
Homer Simpson: "Noooo!"
"I sold my soul to Milhouse.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Well, I'm uh, I'm afraid Edna has gone from tardy to absent. So uh, let's uh move onto the reception and forget this awkwardness with some delicious shrimp mocktail." Seymour Skinner said.
Marge Simpson responded "He's here."
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Of course."
Homer Simpson said: "No! I only learned that four days ago."
Homer Simpson answered: "Ha! I can see them now with their bald heads and their blue-haired wives. How I despise them."
"Cut me some slack, I'm a widow.", Marge Simpson replied.
"My God, you're greasy.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Okilly-dokilly, let's put on our game faces." Ned Flanders answered.
"What if I undo this button?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Of course! Of course! I would never, ever have thought of that!" Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "Well, I'll be. The Itchy and Scratchy Movie."
Seymour Skinner: "Young man, brace yourself..."
"We're a family again!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Aww, you're just saying that." Homer Simpson answered.
"You know, this is wearing a bit thin." Bart Simpson responded.
"Hello, I, uh, love your planet deeply and am interested in purchasing one of your electronic autos." Homer Simpson replied.
"Have you ever seen a Kung Fu movie? It was just like that. But now I know her moves. So, if you're listening to me, lady, you better think long and hard before trying something like this on Homer Simpson again." Homer Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Bah! Computers! They'll never replace my Huffnagle autocollator!"
"I guess. You're funny! No wonder Lisa's in love with you." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Show you what it's like in the real world!"
"Except what?", Seymour Skinner said.
"Hello, my animal friends. Peace be with you." Homer Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner answered: "But how's tomorrow for you?"
"You did?" Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "Look at this: Springfield Elementary's rating is so low, it's more than two standard deviations below the norm."
"It is?" Homer Simpson said.
"I do! I do!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Everybody in the kitchen! We're having a family meeting!"
Homer Simpson replied: "No."
Homer Simpson replied: "Moe, quick! Beer me before I answer the phone!"
"I wanna go home now.", Homer Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak responded "Yeah, but still..."
"Dear Homer, I.O.U. one emergency donut. Signed, Homer. Bastard. He's always one step ahead. Oh, I'd sell my soul for a donut!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Dad! We've been robbed!" Bart Simpson said.
"I don't know... we have church the next morning... starts at eleven..." Marge Simpson answered.
"Overfed? I don't know this word.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "I said I'll take it."
"NEIN AUCH IM WINTER, WENN ES SCHNEIT...", Lisa Simpson said.
"So when Dean Peterson opens his door, this bucket of Super Glue is gonna drop right on his head..." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, come on! That millionaire playboy? He's too busy socializing at cocktail parties and managing the affairs of the Wayne foundation."
"Okay. I'll just stay calm and approach this scientifically.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Okay, okay.", Bart Simpson replied.
"So, according to creationism, there were no cavemen.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Marge likes sushi, I like gum that squirts in your mouth. She's into romantic comedies, I like movies where there's only one day a year when murder is legal. Yep, Marge and I see the world in totally different ways."
"Oh my." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Who said that?", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "It's not fair. I always wanted to drive a food-shaped car."
"Oh, that sounds fabulous, Homer. Stores throw the best parties.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Oh, that poor little boy. We've got to find him."
Homer Simpson responded: "Hurry, Moe. At three o'clock they're going to put us in the exercise yard. The exercise yard!"
"We can't let Lisa get her hopes up." Marge Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner replied "Well, if you want to keep this job, you'll make it your style."
"Do you see why I brought you here, Simpson?" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Oscars? What are you talking about? My son gave me this list of awesome things to do in L.A."
Lisa Simpson responded: "But, but you don't understand..."
Homer Simpson replied: "Well duh!"
Homer Simpson said: "That sucker soaks up flattery like a Twinkie soaks up gravy."
Marge Simpson answered "Congratulations, Artie."
Homer Simpson replied: "How should I know?"
"Wrong answer." Homer Simpson said.
"Dad, what's wrong?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"What's wrong?" Marge Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner: "No, I didn't. I even came in early and made orange drink."
Homer Simpson answered: "Get down, get down, get down!"
"Yeah, you look great! You can do anything with that sewing machine.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"My Dearest, let me be the first to offer you the hearty handshake that would've climaxed our own wedding day--" Seymour Skinner replied.
Marge Simpson said: "Okay, just one more kid to pick up."
Marge Simpson said: "Let's quietly and calmly discuss the pros and cons of your controversial plan, shall we?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Then why did you appear in it?"
"I'm sorry, Ned. I never thought this would happen." Marge Simpson replied.
"I guess the hunt was more fun than the catch.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Listen... I'm married.", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "Well, what do you know, cats eat flies."
Homer Simpson responded: "That reminds me, we gotta pick up my slacks at that dry cleaner in Shelbyville."
Ned Flanders responded: "Oh-ho-ho, we picked those up cheap. They were evidence in a murder trial!"
"So... how's the weather in Dayton?", Lisa Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Look at that Comic Book Fellow calmly eating candy like a Spaniard. Time for monkey to shine."
Marge Simpson answered "Mm-hmm!"
"Oh?" Marge Simpson said.
"You still haven't told us why Lenny bit you." Marge Simpson answered.
"Ski patrol! Everyone be cool!" Homer Simpson said.
"Wow. Did you know they had those web flaps for gliding?" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "I can't."
"Boy, I bet the 8-ball didn't see that one comin'." Bart Simpson said.
"Where are we?" Lisa Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Crazy me. Thinkin' I needed a rag for a friend."
"This rocks! No more stupid girl classes -- like ballroom dancing!", Bart Simpson said.
"Mom, I don't feel so good." Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "This is that videogame Reverend Lovejoy said you shouldn't play!"
"Are we there yet? Are we there yet?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Son, I don't know if I can lift my head, let alone a ball." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Now all of you go see my movie in the theater the day it opens! No bargain matinees!"
"Howdy-do, neighbor! Good pipe weather. Thought I'd fire up the briar." Ned Flanders replied.
"Lisa, Ned Flanders. You available tonight?", Ned Flanders answered.
"Oh my gosh, that's beautiful! I've never seen a painting with a lighthouse before.", Marge Simpson replied.
"It's not our fault. We didn't want the boy, he was an accident." Homer Simpson responded.
"You're right, Marge -- I guess I should look for roofers at poetry slams and yoga retreats." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "So, why can't I go there?"
"Except to all of America's problems." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Somewhere in that sea of bull hormones is the sweet, wonderful girl I married. The woman who instead of swatting a fly, will give it a bath and send it on its way. I'd sure like to go home and have Jiffy Pop with her."
Marge Simpson said "Homie, you have such a way with foods. Let's go inside."
"Gentlemen, there's only one solution. We place this last donut in the reactor core, exposing it to radiation, thereby making it big.", Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner answered: "I won't stand by while you're glamorizing sass! Now those youngsters will throw their lives away... drawing things that never were."
"Overshoot the extreme, max the envelope, and so on." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Where are we going, sir?"
"Here you go, kids. Lousy punks..." Homer Simpson said.
"Well, I thought if you were looking to worship someone, maybe it could be your old man?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Smithers, I want my tea!" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Okay, this bacon's done.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Aye carumba!", Lisa Simpson replied.
"I love you, Dad." Homer Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders replied "Kids, did anyone pray for giant shoes?"
Marge Simpson responded: "Now let me tuck you in, fluff your pillow and sprinkle a little fairy dust to keep the monsters away. It's cinnamon! Nightie-night, sweetheart."
Marge Simpson replied: "Henry The Fifth... Titus Andronicus..."
Homer Simpson replied: "I am! We're the same age!"
"Maybe there's another way to solve this. Bart is clearly fulfilling an emotional need for Toot-Toot." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Boy, things are going really good. Good, good, good, good, good, good, good. Hmm, look at that freckle. I should dig that out." Marge Simpson replied.
"Mother's Day?!" Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "Well, it seems like if you really care for me, you should come forward."
"Well, I know he seems to get dumber every year, but lately he's plateaued.", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "Here you go, Dad. I hope you like it. I've forgotten what it is."
"Marge, that's just a suggested car size." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "You see, that's what I'm saying."
"And I also wanna say that if--" Lisa Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner said: "Mr. and Mrs. Simpson, we need to talk about Lisa. She's unfocused, scribbling nonsense, living in a world of her own."
"Well, here I am -- 11905 Dead Weasel Road, but I don't see any apartment building, I just --" Marge Simpson said.
"That horoscope was baloney. Nothing happened except for the pick ax in my head, the rattlesnake bite and the testicle thing. What's for dessert?", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Thanks, guys."
Homer Simpson: "Wow. Wow. I never realized you felt about me that way. We should really take some time to talk and...I'd just end up hurting you!"
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Enough. Stop this grotesque charade. Now find my Teddy."
Homer Simpson said "Nope, that's it."
"All right, all right. I'll get Lisa to do it.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Scary ways. But we never intended it to end like that. With thousands of people staring at our naked bodies."
"I'm a lantern fish.", Bart Simpson replied.
"DAD LEFT THE MILK OUT / YUCK YUCK YUCK YUCK YUCK...", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "That's better, Homer. Be brave. Bye bye, Bart. You were always my special little guy."
"Sure. Why not.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "You're a truffle."
"Do I smell cupcakes?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Okay, Homie. If it makes you feel better, I think your Mom's all right, too.", Marge Simpson said.
"Would it be so bad to turn out like me?" Marge Simpson responded.
"I WAS A SINNER, A REAL BAD KID / WHAT THOU SHALT NOT, I SHALT DID / NEIGHBOR'S CAT I TRIED TO NEUTER / TOOK A WHIZ ON THE SCHOOL COMPUTER." Bart Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "I demand to see that capitalism-castrating suffragette this instant!"
"He's the bad boy of racing. He's got attitude and bad-itude, so show him some latitude and you'll win his gratitude. Only in America!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Don't forget dad, tonight my class is having an all you can eat spaghetti dinner.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Uh-oh."
Lisa Simpson: "Aagghh!"
"If Edison thought of that chair, how come it's not on this chart?" Bart Simpson answered.
"Almost home!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Well, we tried all those other tools." Homer Simpson replied.
"For you, perhaps." Homer Simpson replied.
"Maybe if you'd talked less about guy stuff you'd know more about your so-called friend.", Marge Simpson said.
"I could.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "I normally don't laugh at other people's misfortunes, but on behalf of the recycling community: HA! It couldn't happen to anyone more deserving."
"...and you've got the elderly Jewish couple making their first trip to Israel." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Well, get used to it, 'cause I'm gonna stay."
"Ralph, I think you're nice but, I'm just not ready for this kind of thing. Do you understand?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "You care about Bart's feelings."
Homer Simpson responded: "I want you to stick this crayon into my brain."
Homer Simpson answered: "HEEERE'S THE ANGEL! / SEEEE THE ANGEL / IT'S MY ANGEL / NO ONE ELSE'S / NEXT TO-OO TH-E RAKES!"
Homer Simpson responded "We really appreciate your help, Johnny. Is there any way we can repay ya?"
Marge Simpson said: "Mayor Quimby! What are you doing here?"
Homer Simpson answered: "I have been working out secretly at night. And look at me now!"
Marge Simpson replied: "Speaking for Lisa and me, we're not really a hundred and ten percent behind you anymore."
Lisa Simpson said "Idiot!"
"You've got the job. Now get to work." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Huh?" Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "I'm your wife."
"Get ready, skanks -- here comes the truth train!" Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "A lot of musical talent in this house. But no one blows on a blade of grass like you."
"Oh, there's gotta be something on this thing for that thing." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "Some anniversary this is."
Marge Simpson responded: "Homer, my sister is not going out with Barney Gumbel."
Seymour Skinner: "Uh, don't worry, sir, I'll teach these children some respect for their town. I'm assigning each of you twenty hours of community service."
"No." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Ooh, ice cream truck!"
Marge Simpson replied: "Oh, Bart, that's so sweet. It's the best present a mother could get and it makes you look so dangerous."
"She's gonna find us!" Marge Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Well that's just an excellent break."
Bart Simpson answered "Did we ever turn off that shower nozzle?"
"You can't." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "And some reporters and camera crews, but you don't need to feed them."
"Gimme a banana." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Barney. That is so insightful. How did you come up with that?"
"Lis, Skinner is using you. Like a pawn on his unholy chess set." Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "All right! Three eyed fish!"
Marge Simpson: "Here are the phone numbers of the restaurant where we'll be dining and the motel where we'll be spending the night. You'll have to put Maggie to bed now. But Bart and Lisa can stay up for another hour. Until then, they can watch a tape from our video library."
"Say no more." Ned Flanders answered.
"Hey, who's the rude dude with the attitude?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, dear." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Lisa, maybe if I'm part of that mob, I can help steer it in wise directions. Now, where's my giant foam cowboy hat and air horn?"
"Oh no. Only the top elves get to meet Santa.", Moe Szyslak responded.
Marge Simpson answered "We'll announce the results in next year's season premiere. Probably at the end so you'll watch the whole thing."
"Oh, you have a girlfriend. Heh, heh, heh." Homer Simpson responded.
"Uh-oh.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Okay, here's my Amex." Ned Flanders replied.
"But you wear that little spoon around your neck." Marge Simpson responded.
"A pity kiss?! That tears it! I'm gonna call that Paula Paul and give her a piece of my mind!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Hello? Yes? Oh! Uh... if you're looking for that big donut of yours... uh... Flanders has it. Just smash open his house." Homer Simpson answered.
"You want me to spend more time with dad? What about my New Year's resolution?", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "Awww..."
Bart Simpson: "Eat my shorts!"
Marge Simpson answered "I said you could stop smiling, Lisa."
Bart Simpson replied: "Lisa, it says one year and up."
Lisa Simpson responded: "All right, so what else is goin' on? Let's see... Hey! Why do they call them field trips? We never go to a field!"
"Everything's just the way I remember it...", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Ants!"
Bart Simpson responded: "I'm really sorry."
"And if you get kicked out of that one, you're going straight in the Army. Where you'll be sent straight to America's latest military quagmire. Where will it be? North Korea? Iran? Anything's possible with Commander Cuckoo Bananas in charge." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Squeeze, squeeze... squeeze, squeeze. A real spider would get so mad if I did this! I wonder if this thing has batteries."
Lisa Simpson responded: "He thinks he's really cool, but frankly the other kids are starting to wake up and smell the cooties."
Lisa Simpson: "Perfect. You're our TV critic. Ralph, what about you?"
"Wah, wah, wah. Ain't I cute? You owe me a dirt bike." Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "Mom! Dad! There's a ghost in the house!"
Ned Flanders answered: "Okay, okay folks, look. I called the Police Captain in Shelbyville. He says he hasn't seen our kids, but if they show up in the morgue he's gonna fax us."
"Aw, you think I forgot you? Babies shouldn't jump to conclusions!" Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Hurry, Mom!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Yeah, she must have some kind of super-chore in there! Like getting the rat out of Maggie's room!"
"Marge!" Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "Dad, that is genius, but I need some advice--"
"Wait, you can't hate me. I'm your better! Your better!", Homer Simpson said.
"What?" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "Punch for a punch."
Moe Szyslak replied: "Read 'em and weep: the novels of Charlotte Bronte."
Homer Simpson said: "Our money's gone."
Bart Simpson answered: "I guess that's it. I just can't be educated. I can always get a job testing dangerous food additives."
"Hey... hey!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Do you have any jewelry you don't need anymore?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Not there. Not even close.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Just a little dim, I guess.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Not if I pump your heart full of morphine first!" Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "I have about eight of them."
"Dad, you completely sold me out!", Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "He's no wittier than the next superhero."
"I guess you're just too young to understand.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Oh, Homer, I know you were trying to shield me from failure, but this is my business, and the Mafia's not getting one cent of my money!" Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Well, between us we've read all 814 issues of Radioactive Man."
"Who's next?", Homer Simpson replied.
"So that's your answer! I'll sue the church!" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "Mom, I don't wanna read -- it's the weekend!"
"Hey Mom, how 'bout if I learn karate? Will that we make you happy?" Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "No, no. No tricks. It was salesmanship, that's all."
"But she might say no." Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "Think of the leg up you'd have!"
"I did it!" Bart Simpson answered.
"Mornin', Apu. Still in hot water with the squaw?" Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "Uh, maybe you should eat the ones you have."
"Oh, why can't I have a nickname?", Homer Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak replied: "Yes, ma'am."
Lisa Simpson replied: "I NEVER KNEW ARTISTS WERE ALL SO AMAZING!"
"Outta my way, jerk ass!", Homer Simpson said.
"Oh dear, now everyone will think Homer and I did it. The real killer is the man with the braces." Marge Simpson replied.
"Wow, you guys are good. The alien's right here in the living room." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "Oh, my poor little guys. That Bart is so rude."
Seymour Skinner answered: "Bartholomew Simpson!"
Marge Simpson: "What the?"
"Ooh, careful there, Marge! Almost nicked me!", Ned Flanders responded.
"Ah Mother, may I read a magazine while I wait in the car?" Seymour Skinner answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Oh... if I did agree to help you, you could only earn money by doing good, socially responsible things. Nothing evil."
Marge Simpson replied "Guess who the garden club elected president?"
Lisa Simpson replied "How could you forget? They had signs posted all over the library."
"Awaiting your orders, Mr. Midshipman!" Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "Is that Duncan?"
Homer Simpson responded: "No."
"What's in the box?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Wait a minute, this game is educational!" Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "What's the matter? Not a vegetarian?"
Moe Szyslak replied: "Hoo... SILVER BELLS... SILVER BELLS..."
"My finger slipped." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "What's happening to me? Okay, retrace your steps... woke up, fought with Marge, ate Guatemalan insanity peppers. Then I -- Ohhhh."
"Ka-BLAMMO.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Honey, he's clearly marked his territory.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Are you sure you've thought this through? A child can really change your life." Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "Hey, get me outta here! Hey!"
"Uh... what was that first one again?" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "IT TASTES LIKE... CUDDLING! / IT TASTES LIKE CLEAN CLOTHES!"
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Well, it looks like we've found this plant's one remaining worker of bone and sinew."
"The kids are cool, but Marge is still judging me." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "How was your first day at school, Bart?"
Marge Simpson answered "Shouldn't we be talking about the hundred and fifty million dollar offer?"
Homer Simpson replied "They're after the tomacco!"
"This is so relaxing. Homie, this was a wonderful idea.", Marge Simpson responded.
"It's just that you and Maude live like royalty in your fancy castle, while I got Marge trapped over there like a pig in a mud beehive.", Homer Simpson answered.
"My old pen pal from Spain. Eduardo." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "Homie, I haven't held Maggie all day. Can you hand her to me?"
"/", Marge Simpson said.
"Bad fawn! Hmm. Shoo! Shoo!", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Good one, guys."
Homer Simpson answered: "Hello..."
"Bingo!" Homer Simpson said.
"Ooh, the Pharaoh's Chamber has a vibrating sarcophagus.", Homer Simpson replied.
"No.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "You went to Woodstock?"
Homer Simpson answered "Does the Lord count as a person?"
Ned Flanders: "Ned Flanders in Tinseltown?"
Marge Simpson answered: "Temperance had to face the unhappy truth..."
Bart Simpson said "C'mon, I've got a job for you."
"All these - spoiled - brats - and - their - smug, complacent parents. It just reinforces...the unspoken - class - system - of... horses - sitting - on - their - high... horses I'm sorry. I gotta go!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "Many great directors, like Wes Anderson, Frank Tashlin, and Tim Burton started with short films."
Lisa Simpson replied: "No."
"Wait!", Lisa Simpson replied.
"I know you're excited about starting your new job, but could you just relax for now?", Marge Simpson replied.
"Geez, is this a kid's birthday party or the place a bad guy kidnaps you to in a movie?" Marge Simpson replied.
"My son may not be perfect, but I know in my heart he's not a shoplifter.", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Tomorrow?! Well, that's too bad, mister. I'm not gonna bail you out this time."
Homer Simpson: "Wow."
"No way! I didn't do it! Unlike all the other stuff I told you I didn't do, which I did!", Bart Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders responded "I can't believe we lost, Reverend."
"We could have seen a monkey." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "It's dying down!"
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Uh, I'll field that question. A lifetime of working in a nuclear power plant has given me a healthy green glow and left me as impotent as a Nevada boxing commissioner. And now that I'm back to normal, I don't bring you peace and love. I bring you fear, famine, pestilence, and..."
"You know what your problem is? You haven't become as bad as the people we chase!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Now, on a different subject, kiss me hard." Marge Simpson said.
"Come on! Come on, boy! Oh, please give it back. You want people food? I can get you people food." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "Well, how the hell do you be cool? I feel like we've tried everything here."
Homer Simpson: "Well, you'll be happy to know I don't work very hard. Actually, I'm bringing the plant down from the inside."
"Thanks. Now I'm gonna go look for my Grandfather, based on this childhood photo." Moe Szyslak said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Hey, I only hung out with Krabappel because Skinner blew her off. I've never seen her so sad."
Bart Simpson replied: "Ah ha!"
Lisa Simpson said "This bed is making me nauseous. Why won't it stop?!"
Marge Simpson replied "Away from you."
"What?!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"And now, as our teakettle starts to toot, I'm gonna take a little break. Boy, this voiceover thing is killin' me. Whatever that Don Pardo gets paid, it ain't enough." Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson said "And you know what else this whole experience has taught me?"
Bart Simpson said: "You're probably wondering about the coat hangers. They're to block the satellite that's been spying on me."
"And that, my children, is the story of Bart's first day of school.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Take that, Ted Turner! In your face, founder of FaceBook!" C. Montgomery Burns said.
Lisa Simpson replied "Plus all that sewage we keep dumping."
"Pork chops?" Homer Simpson responded.
"I was thinking more of the deep fryer." Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "I'll help you."
Bart Simpson replied: "Don't make me learn about it."
"Did you hear that? She said we're goin' down!", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "Ooo, look! This is a perfect chance to get you kids some nice church shoes."
Lisa Simpson: "No question about it."
"Well, I hardly think it's fair to..." Seymour Skinner answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "Wondered where that was."
"Forget it, Marge!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh. A soiled wig.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Pass." Homer Simpson replied.
"My thingies!", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said "Big fish! Big fish!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Maybe you should shut up."
"But, Mr. Largo, that's what my country's all about.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "It was dinner."
"Why the sweet talk, Apu? Are you after some cheap drugs?" Homer Simpson answered.
"All right, you heard the man. One grenade each.", Moe Szyslak responded.
"I see an eye!" Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "Oh, I should know this one. Th--The Leader?"
"All right!", Homer Simpson replied.
"It's good for what ails ya...", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "Ah! Dad, you're headed for the harbor!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Does a father have to explain? Let's just share your gift, okay?"
Marge Simpson responded: "You're home early!"
Bart Simpson replied "Dad, you're a hero!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Y'ello."
C. Montgomery Burns replied "The ring, you little imbecile! Before I really lose my temper!"
"Oh what a lovely evening." Marge Simpson answered.
"This is so luxurious! I feel like I'm Princess Grace and Princess Di smashed together!", Marge Simpson replied.
"Come on! Get to the part where you steal his identity!", Bart Simpson answered.
"The messiah! Has the passports.", Homer Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner replied "To increase the tension, everyone starts with a clean slate. But from this moment on..."
Seymour Skinner responded: "Hmmm. Well, perhaps I ought to let you folks in on a secret. Do you remember me telling Jimbo Jones that I'd make something of him one day?"
Ned Flanders said "Tape?"
Marge Simpson responded "Oh, that's very good, Lisa."
"You're right, Marge. I lied.", Homer Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders said: "Jeepers, that's sugary, even for my taste."
Bart Simpson responded: "I just got up, man."
Homer Simpson answered: "Well, that's the logic. Where's the affection?"
Moe Szyslak responded "I've spit in every drink I ever served you. Bottoms up!"
"Am I to understand you're purposely denying education to these children?" Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "Ralph thinks I like him. But I only gave him a valentine 'cause I felt sorry for him."
Moe Szyslak said: "But it's brought you everything a man could want -- I bet you throw out your paper plates instead of reusing 'em till the food drops through."
"Whoops!" Marge Simpson said.
"Such great characters, like Buxton the scheming larder-keep. Why can't Lady Cavendish see he's pilfering the aspic?" Marge Simpson said.
"Ah-ha!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Well let's look at the contract ourselves. Benefits... perks... a green cookie on St. Patrick's Day? Oh, it didn't used to be this way, Smithers. No, it didn't used to be this way at all...", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Elon, Elon, Elon! I want to say something to you and I don't want you to be inspired by it. I want you to listen."
C. Montgomery Burns said: "This house has quite a long and colorful history. It was built on an ancient Indian burial ground, and was the setting of satanic rituals, witch burnings, and five John Denver Christmas Specials."
Bart Simpson responded: "I just missed out on the greatest opportunity of my entire life. George Burns was right -- show business is a hideous bitch goddess."
Homer Simpson said "Oooo, Do I ever!"
"Hmm...", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "POTATO... TOMATO... LET'S CALL THE WHOLE THING--"
"Oh, but these aren't just any donuts. These donuts were made the old-fashioned way: the dough is sweetened with Cuban sugar from pre-Batista plantations, then it's deep fried in the tallow of three different animals, two of which are now extinct.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Yes!" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "I hate you."
Lisa Simpson responded "This school has everything I ever wanted."
"Yeah. Funzo makes playtime fun!" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Remember that crappy ice cream truck I bought?"
"Yeah, right." Homer Simpson answered.
"Burns owns everything! I've gotta speak out before it's too late!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"And now to Moe's." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Hey, funny man, say something funny!"
"Oh. Hello, Lisa." Marge Simpson replied.
"Picasso!" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Bart Simpson answered "Uh... apron, boobs-face?"
"At the carnival? Cool!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Thanks, Dad." Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "As opposed to you, who grabbed the first blimp that floated by."
Homer Simpson replied: "It's not working... But why?"
Homer Simpson said "Well kids, there it is, Capital City."
Moe Szyslak responded "Hey, hey, hey, no enjoyin' it!"
"Casino?", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "Cut! Cut!"
Lisa Simpson answered "We have to find those bullies before the bake sale starts. Martin, run a top-down search on the school security grid."
"Open.", Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders replied "Oh... uh..."
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Whoop-de-doo, employees! Everyone who's found true love may leave early today!"
Bart Simpson replied "Well, don't worry about sports. I got that covered."
Lisa Simpson answered "So Dad's life would have been the same! He would have married Mom and worked for Mr. Burns. It would have been a push!"
"How'd you get in here?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Just fix it, Mr. Sasswrench.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "I think that guy's a spy."
"Mr. Burns, I've thought about it, and I don't wanna be a snitch. It's not an honorable life." Homer Simpson responded.
"Welcome, aficionados of the roped ring, to a thrilling night of senior-on-senior action." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Well, at least stop basting yourself!" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Bart!"
"That stone is coming in like a rocket! It's gotta be going four, maybe five miles an hour!" Seymour Skinner replied.
"I love you too, Pepsi." Homer Simpson responded.
"Absolutely. Who could forget such a monstrous visage?", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"I think it's pretty obvious that I am." Homer Simpson answered.
"Great. But enough of the baseball analogies. They sicken me." Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Smithers! Which do I take first? The rhino horn or the tiger tongue?"
"... Ooh!... ..." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "Oh. No food, no shelter, no monkey butlers... This island is a death-hole. We should've just swum for it like Otto."
Bart Simpson responded: "Would you be my uncle?"
"Oh, I get it." Homer Simpson replied.
"You know, there's a lesson here for all of us: it's better to watch stuff than to do stuff." Homer Simpson replied.
"I think he needs a dog house.", Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "No way I'm cleaning up this mess."
"Mom, they expect you to lie a little.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "I knew it! And what about the romance between you and Cyrus?"
Marge Simpson answered "Hi. Ah, er, there's something I've been meaning to ask you. Did you put on a little weight this week?"
"Here's five more dollars.", Marge Simpson said.
"I'm out of drugs! See how much money I made?!", Marge Simpson replied.
"Attention, duped masses!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "Well, let's just say the country air did us good."
"I'll never forgive myself for this." Homer Simpson replied.
"Okay, but I ain't payin' for two weddin's." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "This basement is a wonderful gift to the family. But how could you afford it?"
Homer Simpson: "And all those other balls?!"
"Butterscotch and imitation butterscotch.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Stop!"
"Predator drone!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Shuuuut uppa you mouth."
"You're not invited.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Thank you, future Bart, for traveling back through time to warn us!"
Lisa Simpson responded "Yeah. Nice gag."
Bart Simpson answered: "Yup, beats school."
Homer Simpson said: "I just want to say, I was having the worst day of my life."
"Well, all right." Bart Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak answered "Aw geez."
Homer Simpson replied "My God, is she brave. Standing up to that freaked-out junkie."
"Mmm, it goes great with the Jolly Rancher I'm sucking on!" Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Hey, there's something you don't see in a toilet every day."
"I whole-heartedly-agree. Oh-man-I'm-really-wired. This-is-a-big-mistake-I-can... Ohhh, here comes the sleeping pills. So drowsy. Pep-pills-perking-up-again. I-could-drive allll Niiight..." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Maude, eh?"
Marge Simpson responded "No!"
"Oh, I can't wait till you guys get to uh..." Moe Szyslak replied.
"Mom, this fake snow is making me dizzy!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Oh, I see Bart gets to have a gun."
"Oh God! Oh God! Oh God!" Marge Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner answered "Oh my goodness, an untied shoelace. I'll just get down on one knee and retie that."
Seymour Skinner responded: "Yes, it's like you're Harry Potter without the magic and wonder. Just sign these authorization forms and you can be on your way."
"Glasses, find me a great gift for my wife. Under five dollars." Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner said: "Well, for one thing, you wouldn't be getting a French boy. You would be getting an Albanian."
"I think we should look at her research before we condemn her entirely." Bart Simpson responded.
"I'm just trying to work up the courage to ask Burns for a raise. Or a highly-paid internship. Something to solve my money woes.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Hey, if you want cool, check this out. EVERYBODY IF YOU CAN DO THE BARTMAN! SHAKE YOUR BODY TURN IT OUT IF YOU CAN CAN DO THE BARTMAN YEAH!" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "That cost eighty-eight dollars!"
"Uh... anniversary? That comin' up?" Homer Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders said: "Even the sing-alongs?"
"You're all so wise... I wish I could eat each and every one of you." Homer Simpson responded.
"Dad, are you okay?" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Five bucks? I don't need your sharity! I'll dance for my money!"
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Marlowe? I thought you retired!"
Marge Simpson answered: "No, I'm pretty sure you'll have your dad's boobs."
"With nowhere else to turn, I spent the first three days with relatives.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Yes, but if I do something will you look the other way?", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "That's false advertising! Lard Lad lied!"
Homer Simpson said: "Oh my God, this is amazing! Wait, I'm gonna be driving. I'll go for the cup."
"Steve Bennett." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Handle first, handle first..."
Ned Flanders responded "Marge Simpson -- still making juice the old-fashioned way?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Ohhhh."
"I knew it!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Mm, unexplained bacon.", Homer Simpson replied.
"With ham!", Homer Simpson said.
"Listen, Bub. We are out of the marriage counseling business. And the only one you should be giving chicken grease neck rubs to is me. But not me, 'cause I think they're disgusting.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Well, Daddy will figure it out."
"We'll dig our way out!" Homer Simpson said.
"Maybe it's for the best.", Bart Simpson said.
"Eh. Eh." Homer Simpson responded.
"I don't think you're giving them what they were promised, Dad." Bart Simpson replied.
"Before we vote, I'd just like to point out in Sophie's Choice she saved the boy." Bart Simpson answered.
"Are poo and ass taken?" Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "You just can't get Russian gangster blood out. Must be something they eat."
"Can I have something to go with my turnip?", Bart Simpson replied.
"Don't worry, I'll find you someplace safe.", Homer Simpson responded.
"A new life. A second chance... for revenge.", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Maggie doesn't talk yet.", Marge Simpson said.
"Please believe me, I understand the problems of women... see?", Seymour Skinner said.
"Excellent.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Marge Simpson said "Then to save us... we need something incredibly unnatural!"
Homer Simpson said "Why not? I think after all these years I deserve an explanation."
Homer Simpson answered: "I love you so much. Damn you!"
Marge Simpson said "Ohh, how are you feeling, sweetie?"
"Grampa, we could write the scripts for you and split the money three ways." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Poor Cyborganizer" Homer Simpson answered.
"Hmmm. Nah, too corny...", Homer Simpson responded.
"You too. No goose bumps. No hallucinations. That last time was just a fluke." Homer Simpson said.
"Come on! A man's life is at stake! We need to get a message to the prison!", Bart Simpson said.
"...and that's the terrifying tale of how the Quebec Nordiques became the Colorado Avalanche." Homer Simpson replied.
"SWEET LAND OF LIBERTY... OF THEE I SING.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Put me down! Ganesh commands you! Oh-ho-ho-ho!" Homer Simpson responded.
"You're covered with a very fine fuzz." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Marge! I love this guy!"
"I really shouldn't be here -- I have a problem with games of chance. I played Candyland with Maggie and ended up throwing vodka in her face." Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "Well, he's got a pretty good father."
Ned Flanders responded "Hello? Hello? Hellodilly-odilly?"
Bart Simpson answered "What kind of game?"
"Let me finish: thanks to your wonderful, wonderful drug.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "So from now on I'll play soccer for the same reason I study chemistry -- for fun!"
"But Mr. Ambassador, how are we going to get home?" Marge Simpson said.
"A bunny! Just like the one I had when I was a girl! How did you know?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Hey, I didn't bet any of our money. I just borrowed some from him." Homer Simpson said.
"So all you did was ring her doorbell and run?", Bart Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner answered "And finally, effective immediately, I'm overturning this school's ban on dancing."
"Another cover? My God, let it die." Marge Simpson replied.
"Uh-oh. It's Horndog Hank. Well, Nancy knows how to keep him away." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Barney, you stole my idea!"
Homer Simpson said "Oh, I shoulda punted. Turn it off! Turn it off!"
Bart Simpson said: "Oooh - wise guy, eh?"
Marge Simpson replied: "At least you need me, sack of potatoes."
Seymour Skinner said: "I tied them together with used dental floss as per your memo!"
"Nothin'." Moe Szyslak said.
Lisa Simpson responded "Bart, I'm sorry I'm gonna miss your public humiliation, but the Woolumbaloo Dirt Monument is just too exciting to pass up."
"Uh-oh. Dad's having an antacid trip." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Yee-ha!" Bart Simpson said.
"Uh, what's my name again?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Uh, why, we're... We're, uh, on a... a, uh Uh, uh, what do you call... uh, field trip." Seymour Skinner replied.
"Hi, Mom." Bart Simpson replied.
"It's okay, Mom! I have a safety line!" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "And maybe some of those little wieners that come in a can. Oh, and some fruit cocktail... in heavy syrup."
Lisa Simpson responded "Dad, the kids at school said my butt's big."
"Roger that.", Marge Simpson said.
"Oh, they hum like angels. You're never lonely if you've got a fluorescent light." Ned Flanders answered.
"All right, that's it. Shoo, you stupid crows! Shoo! Shoo! Shoo!", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "It's so sad that Krusty is ashamed of his roots."
"What's next, Lis?", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "Unless..."
"Wow, praise from Placido Domingo." Homer Simpson said.
"Oooh, big man.", Bart Simpson said.
"No." Homer Simpson responded.
"Well, it could have been a day, it could have been the rest of my life." Seymour Skinner responded.
Homer Simpson: "What? That's how guys talk."
Homer Simpson said "Would I!"
"Goodbye everybody!" Marge Simpson said.
"Oh, Marge. This is the purest love there is: patient, supportive... ooh, cleavage!", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "Yes, but now that it's hip, all the ex-presidents are doing it."
Marge Simpson answered: "Like two fragile bowling pins..."
Homer Simpson replied: "Well, live and learn."
Lisa Simpson replied "Mom, we're having a geography pageant at school, and I don't know which state to go as."
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Thank you. You are free to go."
Homer Simpson replied "Batman?"
"Didn't you realize all you had to do was report him to the police?", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "Hmm, well, then maybe I will come by more often. And Homer can spend more time with our kids... he's watching them now!"
Lisa Simpson said: "But Dad..."
Lisa Simpson responded "Mr. Bergstrom left today."
"little girl.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Are you gonna shoot me in the back of the head?"
Ned Flanders said: "Oh, can you believe it? It almost seemed like those folks were, were, were making fun of old steady Neddy."
"Well... I really should discuss this with my wife." Homer Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders responded: "Well sorry, the shelter's kinda full."
Homer Simpson responded: "Forget it. That line didn't work for my dad and it's not gonna work for you."
"I didn't get one yet." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "Bart, get out!"
"Perhaps he realized how hollow the pursuit of money is, and took his own life.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "You gotta hide me. Death is after me! And I don't entirely trust these cowboys."
Bart Simpson replied "Cool, the NFL's oldest surviving player."
"What do I do?" Marge Simpson said.
"We are more than just a garage band desperate to do anything other than hang out with our families. We are now a cover band. And we shall be called... Covercraft. Because we play covers and this is our craft.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "If you don't stop smiling, you're gonna get a kiss!"
"Because he knows that if Mom and Dad don't get married, I'll never be born!", Bart Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Tonight, we've all come to honor a close friend of ours..."
"Hope that farmhouse has a phone." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Marge! Are you running off with Moe?!"
"Your perfectly-trimmed mustache..." Marge Simpson responded.
"Well, a blockaded bishop is of little value, but I think you're referring to a pawn.", Lisa Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "I don't know. I feel like a kid in a candy store."
Homer Simpson responded "I'll poke a broom in there! You know I'm capable of it!"
"But you don't understand, Marge. I have fifty bucks riding on this game.", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said: "All right, all right. D.M.Y."
"I don't want people to know my kids go to this lousy school.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "Man, are you illin'."
"Oh no, I ripped it.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "Uh, I learned the touch of death."
Bart Simpson: "But it's a single bed."
Bart Simpson replied "A stamp museum?"
"Got any junk that will go up in value after you die?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Five figures!" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Business, eh? Well let me tell you something. You just lost yourself a customer!"
"Oh, I can explain that. You see...", Homer Simpson replied.
"I was afraid you'd cancel our date so I stayed away from you completely, even though it meant skipping school for three weeks and graduating this summer... I hope.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "But you don't need a stupid telescope. It's right there."
"You changed your grade with a computer?" Marge Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak: "Dat's right. Kiss the troll and win a prize."
"There's our Broadway Baby!" Marge Simpson replied.
"Oh. Well, I seek it so I can find my sister. How do you know about the gem?" Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Yes, Lisa Junior?"
"Gimme the bat, Marge. Gimme the bat! Gimme the bat! C'mon, gimme the bat. Gimme the bat ba-bat!", Homer Simpson answered.
"How?", Marge Simpson answered.
"You read my letter?" Lisa Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Oh my... I wonder which is the cereal for me..."
"Anyhoo, we came out of Walmart, when suddenly one hundred spaceships..." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said: "I've read that people do strange things in their sleep when they've taken Ambien -- I mean Nappien."
Moe Szyslak said "You'll be back. And so will you... and you... And you!"
"Heh. Heh. Stupid animals.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "Huh?"
Lisa Simpson responded: "This time, he's the lesser of two evils."
Marge Simpson responded "Won't this overload the motor?"
"Hey, what's going on?! Wait, wait! Hey, let go of me!...", Bart Simpson said.
"If I still love you, Dallas. If I don't, Buffalo." Lisa Simpson answered.
"I'll be anything and everything you want! Don't leave me here with them!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Why don't people like me, Marge?"
Homer Simpson responded "You really think so?"
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Yoink."
"Crisscross.", Lisa Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Simple villagers, I promise you I will close plants in America and bring work here."
"So, how long before you shipped Grampa off to the old folks home?" Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "Honey, you really shouldn't eat so much in bed."
"Fine! I'll stay a little more.", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "Why must you fight with every utility?"
"I think what my father's saying is you're like a member of the family now.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Wow, Dad, you took a baptismal for me. How do you feel?" Bart Simpson replied.
"This is horrible." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Do we have a deal?" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Whee! Whee!"
"He ran all the way here.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Are you pushing?"
"What's going on out here? Homer! Bart! Lisa! Maggie! Stop it!", Marge Simpson replied.
"Mama! Mama!" Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Absolutely. Insurance is the greatest deal ever. If I get hurt, I get paid. And man, do I get hurt."
Homer Simpson: "Mickey Mouse's dog?"
Bart Simpson said: "Why'd they leave England?"
"You tell her, Big H! / You da man! / Eh, you ain't so hot.", Moe Szyslak said.
Lisa Simpson: "You did. His name was Stampy. You loved him."
Bart Simpson: "No, no. You're Augustus Gloop, the fat German boy!"
"Can't you yell at me now and get it over with?" Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner replied "I'll have you know I'm lop-shouldered."
Ned Flanders responded: "Well, I did finish first in the Walk For The Cure... of homosexuality."
Homer Simpson said "Ooh la la."
Lisa Simpson replied "Goodbye."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Aaagh. Him again."
"Oh Homie!", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "You do? Ha ha, ha ha ha!"
"Give me the old stars and stripes." Homer Simpson responded.
"Two points. Your turn, dear.", Marge Simpson answered.
"You don't have to do this alone." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Yeah. Another day, another box of stolen pens."
"I never knew Jim Belushi made so many movies.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Well guess what, I am not a brunette! I'm a blonde!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"And me smell like drugstore cologne the rest of the day? I don't think so. You may hug... my shadow." C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Homer, maybe Mr. Burns will bowl a great game and you will win your championship.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "He TOSSES a paper and yells out the window."
Bart Simpson responded: "Ta-da!"
"Or Italian?" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "So, uh, you guys are my new coworkers."
Marge Simpson replied "Okay, you can go out and play, but... no more you know what in front of the house, all right?"
"Yeah, the luck lasts longer! Thanks to the power of returns, this store is our closet!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Dad! Dad, a little help?" Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "This is just what I was hoping for. Spending the day together as a family."
Bart Simpson responded "Yeah, why aren't we doing Lenny's story? That thing's hilarious."
Bart Simpson responded "Hey, I'm starting to think I can win."
"Yes, it's the latest craze. Try some, won't you?" Homer Simpson responded.
"I can already taste those deep-fried pork chops!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Hey guys... I think I feel bad for Carl.", Moe Szyslak replied.
Seymour Skinner said "Where do you think you're going?"
"Concert in Golden Gate Park." Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "Well, it all started last week in Krabappel's class..."
"Principal Skinner? Quick question. Is it true my Mom was a great student?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Oooohhh, I'm going to Hell!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Praise the Lord."
"Homer, Homer!" Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh, imagine that -- sleeping quietly after a bug attack! Oh, and Todd's as dry as a bone! Lisa, you're a wonder! I'm going to recommend you to everybody!" Ned Flanders said.
"I can't believe how young we looked... in my memory." Homer Simpson responded.
"Well I can't. You'll just have to learn to live with your mental problem." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Hmm, I guess Bart's not to blame. He's lucky too, because it's spankin' season and I've got a hankerin' for some spankerin'.", Homer Simpson said.
"Now, Lisa's going through this phase where she doesn't eat any meat. So I usually sneak a little meat juice into her vegetables.", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Oooh, he sounds just like Paddington Bear!"
"36-24-36..." Bart Simpson responded.
"The year was 1588.", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded "Look dad, there's a spot."
"Keep that plague coming, Moses." Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "Someone thinks we're leaving. I'll wave them off."
Marge Simpson responded "None of those girls has had three kids, I can tell you that."
"Now to turn on the moto-mimic." Bart Simpson replied.
"Bart, just tell us the problem!", Marge Simpson replied.
"Homie, the waiter's still here.", Marge Simpson said.
"Hah, why even unpack?", Homer Simpson said.
"I just wanted to impress you.", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded "It's your foot doctor, Gil! Yes... yes... oh dear... I can't tell him that."
"Hmmmm... Milhouse, change of plan -- observe and follow." Seymour Skinner answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Excellent."
Lisa Simpson: "Didn't you read Mom's book?"
"They took away our donuts at work! All I've had are my meals!", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "I'm telling!"
"It's mom!" Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "We're not here for rabbit. I used to live in this house as a girl."
"Aww, they were just about to show some close-ups of the rod." Bart Simpson replied.
"Yuh huh.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Oh, no you don't. No. No. Get away from me. Uh-uh."
Marge Simpson: "Yes. And I can tell how hard it was to lose your father. But at least you were there to share his final thoughts."
"It's not that kind!" Homer Simpson responded.
"All right, Bart that's it! Go to your room NOW!" Homer Simpson responded.
"If I told you I'd have to kill you. Can I tell ya?" Bart Simpson replied.
"Wait... maybe Bart has a kryptonite!", Seymour Skinner said.
"C'mon, I'm trying to impress a girl.", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "Yes, Krusty?"
Homer Simpson said "Oooo."
"Wait, dad. Don't do it. I won't jump anymore, I promise." Bart Simpson replied.
"Oh, no. It's a package from Ralph." Lisa Simpson said.
"Wait... do you even have a family?", Bart Simpson responded.
"Too late. The deed is done." Homer Simpson said.
"Kill myself? Killing myself is the last thing I'd ever do. Now I have a purpose, a reason to live. I don't care who I have to face. I don't care who I have to fight. I will not rest until this street gets a stop sign." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Bo-ring."
"And staplers. Computers and staplers.", Bart Simpson said.
"I was talking to him. You, what day is this?", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Marge Simpson responded "Homie, you're back!"
Homer Simpson answered: "A phony bird call?! That means Marge is coming! Everyone, act legal!"
"I never realized before, but some Itchy and Scratchy cartoons send the message that violence against animals is funny." Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "I'm surprised he doesn't try to blame his problems on his Percodan addiction."
Homer Simpson responded "Woo-hoo! Come to papa! Marge, I'll be out in the car."
"Shh! This bully friend of yours... Is he a little on the chunky side?" Marge Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Ah, snowmen have peepers. Peepers to watch. To watch for our moment of weakness and then baff! comes the knock on the head and we're down."
"Woo hoo!" Homer Simpson replied.
"What a fun-filled evening." Marge Simpson answered.
"The first rule of bus safety is always wear your seat belt." Homer Simpson replied.
"So he's stuck like this forever?" Marge Simpson responded.
"He's gonna make a tuxedo out of our puppies!!!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Milhouse! Just what is going on?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "So, do you think you might see your way clear to moving back in with your maw and me?"
Homer Simpson said: "That's my boy. Everything on Santa's Little Helper."
Bart Simpson answered "Hey, look what I found!"
"Nope.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "Oedipus killed his father and married his mother."
"Stop that! We're guests in Mr. Burns!", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Months?"
Seymour Skinner responded "The holiday season is approaching and these children need a school..."
"Ow! Quit it.", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "While I deal with this, why don't you start on that basket?"
Lisa Simpson: "Dad! You're not supposed to have fun recycling. This is serious."
"Wow, she looks like a background character in a Hanna Barbera cartoon!" Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "I don't get it. Straight A's, perfect attendance, Bathroom Timer... I should be the most popular girl in school."
Ned Flanders said "Reverend Lovejoy, with all that's happened to us today -- Uh, I... I kinda feel like Job."
"Well, it allows for maximum mobility.", Ned Flanders said.
Lisa Simpson responded "Dear Moe, if anything should ever happen to me, I want you to tear up my dad's tab, and pour cocktail onions... Dad, I can't--"
"Some jerk.", Moe Szyslak responded.
"That's your problem. You're living up here." Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Bobo? I meant Lobo. Sheriff Lobo. They never should have canceled that show."
"Oh, God, no." Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "I haven't gotten to that part yet!"
"All day I have vitamin burps.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Chicken parm, meatball parm, eggplant parm..." Homer Simpson replied.
"Well, sir, she went crazy. Crazier than sleeping in on a Sunday.", Ned Flanders replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "Selma, I just can't get over the new you."
"Lisa, never, ever stop in the middle of a hoe-down." Homer Simpson said.
"Hey, Flanders -- check out my new satellite dish!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Woo hoo! It's almost New Year's! Ten... nine... eight...", Homer Simpson said.
"No problem... Can do." Homer Simpson responded.
"Hello, Beefcake Charlie!" C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Fine. Back. And we can't let anyone else get hurt on our property.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Why isn't she having an affair?"
Marge Simpson responded "Yes, unless..."
Homer Simpson responded "... and if a group of responsible adults can't handle firearms in a responsible way..."
"Wait a minute. This whole thing was a set-up?!", Bart Simpson replied.
"Boy, you make it look effortless. And that kid's giving you zero pump." Bart Simpson said.
"Colonel Ketchup, I say it was you that killed him in the parlor with the letter opener." Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Your bar is the closest thing this town has to an Algonquin roundtable."
"Marge, come on, let's celebrate! It's your first day!", Homer Simpson said.
"Please don't say any more!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "All right."
"A Claes Oldenburg. He's a European who defied convention and embraced American popular culture." Marge Simpson responded.
"Cheat?!" Moe Szyslak said.
"Let's go.", Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "Well, what do you want a job for?"
Homer Simpson replied "You just said both those things to me."
"A better one!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Huh? Oh. Okay. I'll take three."
"Collecting dog waste.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Warden, please. This man is a gentle soul. I know he's made mistakes, but someone with his talent belongs on a boardwalk doing caricatures. Not behind bars."
"Hmmm. Sixty-four slices of American cheese.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Let's get outta this gosh-forsaken heck-hole." Marge Simpson responded.
"Marge, don't worry. It's like when we stopped paying the phone bill. They stopped calling us. In fact, everyone did!" Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Kids love 'em. We trade them at school."
C. Montgomery Burns: "Tchah! I'm not a baby who needs a nursemaid to burp me. You see? Now I insist you take a vacation just as soon as a temporary substitute can be found."
"I'm eight years old.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Woo hoo!"
"You don't look fat." Bart Simpson answered.
"I love Bart!", Homer Simpson answered.
"My fellow Americans... I am full of crap." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Cookies... so delicious... must buy house."
Seymour Skinner responded: "This battlefield is rife with inaccuracy. You dead people stop playing cards. And Stonewall Jackson... stop roller blading."
"Dancing!" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "It's so easy to condemn, so hard to create."
Homer Simpson answered: "Or a spy from a rival gang! Hey, what are you doin'?"
Homer Simpson responded "I have to go."
"Lisa, this is neither the time nor the place." Bart Simpson responded.
"Wait! Wait! We have one more act! The patriotic comedy stylings of Bart Simpson!", Seymour Skinner said.
"I drove an all-terrain vehicle in Da Nang. I think I can handle it.", Seymour Skinner answered.
"That's my boy." Moe Szyslak answered.
Homer Simpson replied "A dinosaur."
"Oh, crap, I forgot!", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "...and we're gonna make dreamcatchers out of litter we pick up."
"Where's your sense of magic and wonder?" Homer Simpson said.
"You uh..." Homer Simpson responded.
"Wow. Troopers from every state in New England.", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "Could anyone else have taken it?"
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Ah Smithers, how'd the beating go?"
Homer Simpson said: "Hello, Chief."
"You weren't watching! You weren't watching! You weren't watching!" Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "Oh, dear. I hope I wasn't too rough on him."
Marge Simpson replied "Dayton, Ohio!"
Bart Simpson said "No! My principal!"
Bart Simpson said "Whoa, spicy! I wish I lived in Ethiopia!"
Marge Simpson responded "Yes, but I'd rather not talk about it."
"Wouldn't it be great if that man and woman got together?" Marge Simpson answered.
"No, that was gophers.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Marge, you're my real dream come true. And I get to live you every day."
"Hmmm... should I... or shouldn't I...", Bart Simpson said.
"That's right, tell me all your little wooden dreams. You're not alone any more. No you ain't.", Moe Szyslak said.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "I LIVE ME IN A MANSION / FULL OF THOSE GRECIAN URNS / BUT I'M LONELY ALL THE LIVE-LONG DAY / THAT'S THE BLUES OF MONTY BURNS"
"Got him! Uh-oh.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "Honey, no one's going to force you to do anything... but do you know how your father got the money to enter you in this pageant?"
Lisa Simpson responded: "But you promised me we'd do something Japanese."
"Damn technology!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Come on, give it a name."
"That's it! I know exactly what we should do." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Me too, honey." Homer Simpson said.
"And then today at lunch Lenny and I went to the park and rented a rowboat. Carl sketched us from the bank. Summer days.", Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak: "Fellas, he ain't comin' back."
Lisa Simpson: "Thanks, but I prefer the honest way."
Bart Simpson said "Well, for all intents and purposes."
Homer Simpson replied "Hmmm. A bland, timid entry -- suitable, perhaps, for patients recovering from surgery. Heh, heh, heh."
Homer Simpson responded: "Not a thing in the world."
"Whack him with the hymnal. Over.", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "Don't worry. Me and Charlie have one thing you'll never have."
"Okay, everyone out!", Homer Simpson said.
"Mmm.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Please, please, please, I want to make the team. Clemens, did I make the team?"
"Who are you and why are you holding me here? I want answers now or I want them eventually.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Great stuff, Ned."
"Is there any answer I can give that won't result in more push-ups?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"This is the Fuzzlepitch Finals, and tonight, we drink from the Wazzle Cup!" Seymour Skinner replied.
"Oh, I'm no dunce. I was born an oaf, and I'll die an oaf." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Lookin' good, Santa's Little Hybrid."
"I can make her look any way I want -- let's see... hair: blue, shoes: sensible, body type: Olive Oyl.", Marge Simpson said.
"Cripes, man, can't you ever get to the green in less than two shots?" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Listen, everyone! We should fall asleep in this dream! One minute at this level equals two hours one dream level below!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"I'm not wearing any clothes. So why don't I just splay myself on a pool table!" Marge Simpson said.
"Oh for goodness sake. You've moved on, have you? Well, so have I.", Seymour Skinner answered.
"And...?", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Gotta prove the genie was right..." Homer Simpson responded.
"Every eligible bachelor in Europe wanted her hand in marriage.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Debt's off! Let's go, Marge. Woo hoo!"
"I didn't turn it on yet.", Marge Simpson answered.
"What are you doing?" Bart Simpson replied.
"Kids?" Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "I guess you don't need it now, but we had a plan too."
Lisa Simpson responded: "My feminist heroes!"
Marge Simpson answered: "No, no, I don't feel like going to a trash pile today."
"Oh, Marge, what if I wind up as some vegetable, watching TV on the couch? My important work will never be completed." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "But I just did that!"
"Hello, family.", Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said "My family never talks about library standards. And every time I try to steer the conversation that way, they make me feel like a nerd."
Homer Simpson responded "You're right. People should only be let out of jail on technicalities."
Homer Simpson said "I'm not, it's my ringtone."
"Keep up the rough-housing, son. Without a strong male presence in the house, you could turn sissy overnight. Oh, these stubborn grass stains.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Okay kids, you can keep him."
Homer Simpson answered: "After you prance across the goal line, you hurl the other team's mascot to the ground, and drive your cleats into his neck!"
Marge Simpson replied: "Most of it was sent by relatives who couldn't see very well."
Bart Simpson said "Hey, what gives, man?"
"Well, it delivers what it promises.", Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "Bye!"
"My first word.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Six years' planning down the drain!" Moe Szyslak replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "When was the last time you worked?"
Homer Simpson replied: "A hamster ball!"
"Well, howdilly-doodily, stranger! Couldn't help but notice you stealing my boat." Ned Flanders answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "Man, that company thinks every time it adds a wisecracking parrot to a story, they own it."
Homer Simpson answered: "Right. That makes sense."
"Not right now. Your father's in there and --" Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Twenty-one, sir."
"Yeah, in Idaho." Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "You know, maybe Chief Wiggum is right. Military school is a good idea."
Homer Simpson said "Huh?"
"Ohh, would ya look at that?" Ned Flanders responded.
"I did a lick?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Yeah. He's my favorite fictional character." Homer Simpson responded.
"Okay I've been studying Frink's robot, and I've discovered he has one small weak spot." Bart Simpson replied.
"Pass the moo juice.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"She's married to Buck Mitchell! I bet that's why she's here tonight honoring America!", Marge Simpson replied.
"I'm gonna be a hippie, just like Mom wanted. I'm gonna let my spirit soar and love all of God's creatures!", Homer Simpson answered.
"He's been gone for two days.", Marge Simpson answered.
"That's okay, Mom. Today's law schools are churning out two point one lawyers for every person in America. Look.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Oh, that's classic." Homer Simpson answered.
"Simpson, eh? Hmm hmmm. I'm Monty Burns." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson: "Woo! Dinner!"
Homer Simpson responded: "I deduced from his parody lyrics that he was hiding gold in the cave."
Lisa Simpson replied "Kowalski!"
Lisa Simpson answered: "Yeah, while you still can... Thanks!"
Bart Simpson said "Feel free to make a rubbing."
Homer Simpson answered: "Dad! Noooooooooo!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Immigration?"
"The phone's dead." Homer Simpson replied.
"I didn't... What is it? Lunch?", Homer Simpson said.
"What happened? You didn't do anything." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Ned, if it's boneheaded to talk you outta seein' Edna, then I don't wanna be brainheaded."
Seymour Skinner responded "No dawdling, now."
Bart Simpson said: "Knife goes in, guts come out."
"The French Table -- ooh la la.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Don't you two have a list of chores to do?" Marge Simpson answered.
"That's odd. Where's Homer? And Bart? And Lisa? And Grampa?" Marge Simpson answered.
"Dad, I still have a couple-a questions about this. Mom never drives drunk, and the crash was in your car. Also, the driver's seat was adjusted for your stomach..." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "If you're happy and you know it say a swear!"
Homer Simpson said: "Who pays for that wedding?"
Homer Simpson responded "How about R?"
Bart Simpson replied "Nah, his game was blackjack. He bet our life savings on a single hand."
"Yeah. For once, couldn't you just turn into a good father? Would that be so hard?", Bart Simpson replied.
"What is that there?", Seymour Skinner said.
Lisa Simpson said "Yes, sir."
"Huh? / Whoa.", Bart Simpson said.
"Helium. Sideshow Bob is in the Duff Blimp!" Lisa Simpson said.
"It is. I know it's hard to see a young buck like me and think of a day when I'm no longer in the pink.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"That's great. Now what do you say we do some regional duck pin bowling?" Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson replied "You'll be in your cold, cold grave before that ever happens."
"Consider it done.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Why don't we eat there tonight?!" Bart Simpson said.
"Cold. So cold." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "What's the matter, sweetie? Is a book character having difficulties?"
"Um, excuse me, Mr. Smithers, Bart may be seriously hurt. Could we possibly go ahead of you?" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Bart's never gonna forgive me for humiliating him.", Homer Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak responded: "...I didn't rip out his voice box, but I did stretch out his tee shirt, then they said I ain't allowed back in California no more and I can no longer make judgments about nothin'..."
Lisa Simpson answered "Cheer up, Bart. Milhouse is still gonna need a true friend. Someone to tell him he's great, someone to rub lotion on him, someone to hurl whiskey bottles at when he's feeling low."
"You've presented me with quite a conundrum." Lisa Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak: "There."
"Being a free man is great, Milhouse. I can draw on myself with a magic marker." Bart Simpson answered.
"Hello? Yes, I'm Ned Flanders' close personal friend... that's right, hot and heavy... they've never been happier. Oh yes, I she does look pregnant. Now, who might you be? A tabloid? Is that one of those really strong mints? Hello? Hello?", Homer Simpson replied.
"It seems like I've been wearing the same red dress forever.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Not from me, you didn't." Bart Simpson said.
"Don't worry, I've got a man on the perimeter.", Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns: "No. Any word from Karl Rove?"
Homer Simpson replied "What do you think? Should we stop here?"
Bart Simpson said "I'unno."
Homer Simpson responded "Well, it's better they hear it from me now, than from their parents when they're old enough."
Bart Simpson replied "Well... okay. For Mom, I'll do it. Where should we go?"
"I gotta find Homer -- he's gonna blow up the whole town!", Ned Flanders answered.
"Homer, this bachelor party seems to have peaked. Would you please return my pants and/or underpants so I can go home?", Seymour Skinner replied.
"Let's dust a few fossils.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Krusty! Oh thanks! Thanks a lot! You came here to save me!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh hello, young man. Beautiful day for digging, isn't it?" Homer Simpson said.
"All right, I'm comin' back there.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Well, I use a computer!"
Bart Simpson said "Aunt Selma has one hour to live!"
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Eh, here's where I stopped checking it last time: September nineteen twenty ni-- Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Smithers, why didn't you tell me about this market crash?!"
"Oh. I see. Well, good luck getting to your precious mall barber, 'cause I'm not driving you." Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Goodbye Adil. Have a nice trip."
"Uh... take us to the video store.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Ugh! One of them's playing my saxophone!", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Australia! America! Austr--"
"The experience begins!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Aah, the college road trip. What better way to spread beer-fueled mayhem?"
Moe Szyslak said "I thought dreams was on goldenrod."
Homer Simpson replied "You know Chief, if you let us go, there's a diamond necklace in it for you."
"You mean all white with pink eyes?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, isn't that a cute little choo-choo...", Ned Flanders answered.
"Well keep it up, then.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Um, hey... I was just driving by... with some baby stuff we didn't need and uh...here's some diapers Maggie's too big for, an incredible educational toy I forgot to give Bart..."
"So what're you gonna be, boy?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Gil! Thank God it's you. You gotta help us.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "There. You're the perfect little he-she."
Lisa Simpson: "Don't you weasel out on me!"
"Yep, I earned it." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "All right, you win round seven."
"Oh, Marge. It's a miracle.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded: "That car's as big as all outdoors."
"I have a thousand friends, and I feel more alone than ever!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "All right, so I put that there to get you to stop eating meat. But your body is going to miss the protein. So you'll have to take these pills."
Homer Simpson: "Things started out great. I ate what my mother ate. And my mother loved chili. Then, suddenly:"
"No, no, and no. Maybe we should start all over with the electrical college.", Homer Simpson replied.
"A woman askin' a man out? Well, well why not. And maybe I'll eat my steak with a spoon." Ned Flanders replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "Okay, have fun at the Laughter House. Now I'll just turn off my phone to save the battery."
"Oh, sure I do. I always believe in helping the little guy, and you're the littlest guy I know." Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, did you say a million? I'm... I'm sorry, my mind was elsewhere. I thought you would start with a small amount, then we would bait each other and... well, you know how it goes. Yes... certainly, a million will be fine.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Bart Simpson said: "I studied! Abraca-turn-into-a-prince-guy?"
"Can you help me out? I need change for a dollar. Oh, I also need a dollar." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson: "That is so sad."
"Maybe I can't concentrate because of all your cooties." Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "You know, Sideshow Bob, I believe you when you say you're innocent..."
"Uh, yes.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "Fine. I'll go talk to her."
"Soon. I just need a few more yoga classes.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Mom, I poured my heart into that centerpiece! Things like that always happen in this family!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "Cool. This is where Wall Street gets arrested."
Marge Simpson: "And you're fine with me trying to get it published?"
Marge Simpson replied: "Bart, where's your bathing suit?"
"Yes." Marge Simpson said.
Ned Flanders answered "It's the ripcord from a Band-Aid wrapper! Call me Ned Zeppelin, but is one of my boys abrased and contused?"
"Why you little --", Homer Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Are you here to solve my ketchup problem?"
Homer Simpson said "Seems like you and I are always talking about Bart, my son."
"It's Po-Mo! Post-modern. Yeah all right, weird for the sake of weird.", Moe Szyslak responded.
"Well, I mean it.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Oh my God, me too!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "She is?"
Moe Szyslak answered: "Sure, Homer, I can loan you all the money you need. However since you have no collateral, I'm gonna have to break your legs in advance."
"Traitors!" Homer Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders: "Greed!"
"I wonder how Richie died?", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Hey, you okay, Grimy?"
Homer Simpson answered "Eurocentric! When do we have wacky adventures?"
Moe Szyslak: "Just the one, but I could whip up two or three hundred thousand more."
Marge Simpson responded: "Perhaps thou wouldst make a good father!"
"I thought you might want to snuggle." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Aw, sweetie, you saved me. Well, I promise that wherever you go in this world, I will always be there for you."
"It matters not, mon frere. And after desserts, we'll adjourn to our second-floor room at the Off Ramp Inn.", Homer Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak answered "I'm a little worried. He usually stops in for an eye-opener on the way to work."
Marge Simpson said "They're not coming for another twenty-nine years! Did your earlobes get longer?"
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh. So, Bart..."
Moe Szyslak replied: "Oh God, oh God!"
C. Montgomery Burns said: "So, how are we enjoying the festivities?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Bed goes up. Bed goes down..."
"Oh, Homer, that was just a beer can with a whistle glued to it." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "And we've got front row seats!"
"I wish I was dead.", Bart Simpson said.
"Well, so did you. You got an ex-Green Beret mad.", Seymour Skinner answered.
"Homie, just tell them what they wanna hear!", Marge Simpson responded.
"Look, I was insensitive and I'm sorry. But what this is really about is a bully with a winch.", Moe Szyslak responded.
Moe Szyslak said "Yeah, ya like it, Homer?"
Marge Simpson replied: "This school has really gone downhill."
"No food allowed in bank?" Homer Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner replied: "Bart, the police haven't had any luck finding the teachers' editions."
"Dad, I'm in love." Homer Simpson responded.
"You was hiding behind the drywall. Yes you were! I'm glad Social Services didn't see this. Yes I am!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "AAAnd Shiitake."
Bart Simpson: "We're on the freeway!"
Bart Simpson responded: "Is that her?"
"Dad, I'm walking on my hands, and the lions think they're gonna eat me!", Bart Simpson said.
"I hope it's spaghetti!", Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak answered "Who'da thought such a little woman could make me feel so big?"
Marge Simpson: "Homie, what's wrong?"
Homer Simpson answered "But if we win this, we get a gift certificate."
"I've got a surprise for youuu!", Homer Simpson said.
"Is there any better feeling than cutting in line because a plastic badge says you're special?" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "His arm! Oh, my special little guy, are you okay?!"
"That's cross-legged music!" Ned Flanders responded.
Bart Simpson answered "Ay carumba! If you guys don't get together... what does that mean for me in the future?"
"We don't go to you anymore. We have a better doctor.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"My woman's intuition is telling me something... I wonder what... Oh my god.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Hey, check out this hood ornament I stole." Bart Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders replied: "Well, well. Look at my dull-eyed angels."
Bart Simpson answered: "Remember everything they say and tell us later in rattle code."
"I guess we're down to just me.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Are there at least games here?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "Homie... I think the baby's coming."
Homer Simpson: "Thataboy."
"Grampa, Matlock's not real." Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "You asked to see me?"
"Not you." Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "All I heard was more names of actors you haven't killed. Unless you're not man enough."
"Oh.", Bart Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "I WAS STROLLING THROUGH THE GAS ONE DAY..."
"Oh, here's one.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"Welcome to the most frustrating, befuddling, and yes, erotic, book release party you've ever attended.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Fine." Lisa Simpson replied.
"I reunited you with your estranged father." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "It's cool in here, boy. For the rest of the summer, we can live inside the refrigerator."
"If I Had known there were loose women in Las Vegas, I would never have let you go." Marge Simpson answered.
"Huh?" Bart Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Now what, Smithers? I... You're not Smithers."
"I'm way ahead of ya, Dad." Bart Simpson said.
"Well, he's done very well for someone who came out blue and backwards.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Sure." Marge Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders responded "Fee fi fo fum! I smell the potatoes au gratin of Marge Simp-son! Mmmm- mmm!"
Lisa Simpson said "Dad, you've had eight years to get to know me. It's too late."
"You must have a few tricks left up your sleeves. Smithers, boil some coffee. We're not licked yet.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"What is everyone doing?", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Homer, no! We're not bad parents.", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "I'll say! I've got my own band! And a Moped."
Homer Simpson answered "Sorry, sorry. Don't worry, there's plenty I can do to keep myself occupied. Maybe I'll check out that axe collection. See ya later."
Marge Simpson responded "Burly. You're so rugged and manly..."
"Marge, I love Bart as much as you do but actually not. And that kid cannot go one week without getting in trouble. Now if you'd be so kind as to start my car for me, I'm going to Moe's." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded "Quiet, Bart. Let's make the best of this."
Lisa Simpson responded "Isn't there any way I can change my DNA, like sitting on the microwave?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Let's see what happens when he walks into my store. Then we'll see who's worried about five day waiting period..."
Homer Simpson answered "Do you think I could get a copy of it?"
"Artie, thanks for saving my life. Now, I believe there's a little matter of the million dollars...", Homer Simpson said.
"Mom's deleting old TV shows off the DVR.", Lisa Simpson said.
"I actually did it -- a perfect vacation!" Bart Simpson answered.
"You're so beautiful when I cut you off in the middle of a question." Homer Simpson said.
"Goodbye, stupid Earth!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "You take an ordinary bed sheet, fold it around like this..."
"Yes indeedilly-doodily.", Ned Flanders replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Hey, you're crying!"
"That's actually a great idea, Milhouse." Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "All right! No line!"
"Nooo!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Who wants to help me clear the table?" Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Ki-Ya!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "They must have moved the flight paths over our house."
"And I love baseball!", Marge Simpson responded.
"Well, I don't feel like it now.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Nice."
"De-meat those feet!", Ned Flanders replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Yeah, the doctor says that soon my pelvis will actually be stronger and more beautiful than ever."
"No, I get my news off the internet.", Homer Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders replied "Homer! Is that my camera?"
"Huh? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah... the revue.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Grrr. I'm gonna to maul you.", Homer Simpson responded.
"But I have to get back to Marge." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded: "Homer, for the last time..."
Bart Simpson said: "Okay, let's hear it."
"Bart, Look! A laundry chute!" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "But I can only sing lying on my back."
"Perfecto. Everybody smile. I'm going to set the automatic timer.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "But I..."
"Well then you shouldn't feel bad because I can't imagine myself ever getting married.", Lisa Simpson said.
Ned Flanders replied "Hey, neighbor, your welcome mat's lookin' a little dusty."
Marge Simpson answered: "You can't hide from me in this house, Bart! I spend 23 hours a day here!"
Homer Simpson said "In closing, you people must realize that the public owns you for life. And when you're dead, you'll all be in commercials, dancing with vacuum cleaners. Thank you, Your Honor."
"And what's with the scarf? It's soaked in neck sweat." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Yeah. I didn't want you hangin' around all summer anyway."
"Bor-ing." Homer Simpson replied.
"I am never gonna get my homework done tonight." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "How 'bout if I just squirt you in the face with my boutonniere?"
"Is that tea... adulterated?", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Uh oh."
"Not me!", Ned Flanders replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Sure we could go to a fancy gallery and spend a bunch of money. Or..."
"No. Let's do another twenty miles." C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Things happened between your mother and me that we're not proud of. It was the middle of a wild decade known as the nineteen nineties."
"Shut up!", Homer Simpson answered.
"All right, food nerds, reality check..." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "You're a genius, Moe. All your troubles will soon be over for a couple months."
Homer Simpson responded: "It's no use."
"Hi, Becky. Thanks for comin' out.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Okay, Milhouse, what do you want to do?", Homer Simpson responded.
"BA, BA / BA, BA, BA, BA BA, BA, BA, BA, BA, BA / BA, BA BA!", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "Well, we'll just see. Murray Hill 5-9232..."
Homer Simpson said "That's okay. His cute little hands can't even fit around my neck."
"Fire! Fire!", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "And it sounds like he has big news!"
"Dad, hide your shame!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow." Homer Simpson answered.
"Look at all that cash.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "What?"
Homer Simpson responded "Do you have anything with ground-up whale in it?"
"If I may make a suggestion." Seymour Skinner responded.
"Mike's Hard!", Marge Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner responded "You can't impound my spirit!"
"We'll see who gets their pick of pizza pockets!", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "You can't buy me with a candy bar that has coconut."
Bart Simpson answered "Oh yeah. / That's it."
"Kids?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"It wasn't suppose to be this way. It was supposed to be a thing of beauty, not this abomination." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Lisa Simpson responded "Please, Maggie, please go to sleep!"
Homer Simpson said: "Ohhh... a gym."
Homer Simpson said "Huh? Oh, right. The steak."
"No! I'm not giving up on reaching those kids, and I might just have a secret weapon." Marge Simpson replied.
"Okay, girls, we're gonna need balloons, crepe paper, party hats...", Lisa Simpson responded.
"I tried to resist, but they applied powerful mind confusion techniques." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Come on... Come on, Angel."
"Heh-heh, yeah." Ned Flanders replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "Ohhh, Homey, is that what's bothering you?"
"With all this hard work, I'm too tired to worry about the world. And soon I will marry one of father's wealthy business associates!" Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "It's so hard to picture you two then. Hand in hand at the crossroads of life. There are so many questions."
"Wow! A big clown hankie!" Bart Simpson responded.
"Oh, I'll never remember what color Marge's eyes are!" Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "I think this is all a charade to make Bart look more injured than he really is."
"Wow!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Nooooo!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Well, I know one thing in this world that's still pure and good."
"Yeah. If we read books we could form a club.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh. Well I'm not crawling back to big electricity! From now on, the Simpsons are living intermittently."
"We're not with him.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Whew!" Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "If I could be any type of shark, I'd be a tiger shark. How 'bout you, Milhouse?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Probably."
Lisa Simpson said "Sorry, Dad. I know you mean well."
Homer Simpson replied: "Affirmative."
Marge Simpson said: "Bart Simpson! I'm glad your father isn't here to see this!"
Homer Simpson replied "Goodbye forever!"
"Aw, thanks, boy. I'll give you two packs for that candy bar." Homer Simpson replied.
"I tried to fix the kids' lives, but instead I led them to rich and rewarding personal decisions of their own." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "What about the people on the bottom?"
"Fat Guy Number Three?" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Mmm, I can see the house is falling apart without me, so here's the new order: Bart, you're the man of the house. Lisa -- I'm promoting you to boy. Maggie's now the brainy girl. The toaster can fill in for Maggie. And Marge, you're a consultant."
Homer Simpson responded "Did Frank Lloyd Wright have to deal with people like you?"
"And what are you doing with his ball?", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Heh, heh, some idiot actually called in!"
"All right, the stuff I stole from work!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Sorry, buddy. You got me confused with Fred Flintstone." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "No, mister! Please, I'm just a kid. I... I only came to get my dog back."
Bart Simpson responded: "Wake up, Lis!"
"Hey, fellow slave, is that one of those monkey paw dealies that lets you wish for things?", Ned Flanders answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Looking for these? Dee-dee-dee."
"Why don't you talk to Mrs. Steak?", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Whatever do you mean? I don't dye my hair..."
"Yeah, when those immigrants get deported, there'll be more elbow room for regular Joes like you and me, Apu." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "But Bart, how can a sound exist if there's no one there to hear it?"
"You weren't so glad to see me.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "What's a jib?"
"Wow! While I was sitting here feeling sorry for myself, Bart's invention actually changed someone's life!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"So you're saying if our kids don't pass this test, you're shutting down Springfield Elementary?" Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson answered "Wow, they had an army helmet under every bed!"
Homer Simpson said "Stupid Grampa. I try to end the cycle of neglect and he hits me with some super neglect!"
Marge Simpson answered "What? That's crazy."
"Yeah, she was a knockout. Which meant I was screwed. Because now I had to send her a picture of me." Moe Szyslak said.
Lisa Simpson answered: "We're in every kind of therapy!"
Homer Simpson answered "Okay, but I'm a little out of practice."
"Oh no, they heard me." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Woop, sorry son. I didn't know you, Jay Leno, and a monkey were bathing a clown."
"Did you even look at the napkin?" Seymour Skinner replied.
"Eh." Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "Awesome! I gotta tell Milhouse."
Marge Simpson replied "Now you kids be good while mother's in prison."
"Oh, lighten up, Marge. I take you to the Disneyland of me, and you just wanna go to the Lost and Found. Well guess what? We're stayin' in this dream forever!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Clone?! That's ridiculous. Where am I supposed to find a... wait a minute."
"You got it." Bart Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders answered "BROTHER NED'S GOT CHEESE ON BREAD / AND A SIDE ORDER OF SHAME..."
Homer Simpson said "Shh! This plot is hard enough to follow as it is."
"Actually, half a kiosk. Sharing it with Nasreen here.", Ned Flanders said.
Homer Simpson answered "Sorry."
"Marge, this is it! TEOTWAWKI!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Americano? What the Hell could that mean? Why can't you people learn to speak my language? I learned to eat your food!"
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Due to recent fluctuations in my judgment, and the once-in-a-lifetime mistake of trusting another human being, I am saddened to announce massive layoffs."
"Mom! Mom! You've gotta help! They're cooking kids in the school cafeteria!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Really?" Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "Bart, it's too nice a day to leave Ralph in a closet. You boys should go play outside."
Homer Simpson said: "They've got us cornered, boy. We'll never get away. Give me the head."
C. Montgomery Burns said: "I am an angry rich man!"
"Maybe I'll wear my hair... up." Marge Simpson replied.
"Unortho what?" Homer Simpson responded.
"It's the same table!" Marge Simpson responded.
"I'VE BEEN SITTIN' ON THE TOILET / ALL THE LIVE-LONG DAY...", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "People of Springfield, behold my latest work!"
"Dog, Incorporated.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Oh, yeah, oh, yeah! That is all comin' off!" Moe Szyslak answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "An army of dogs! No bully will ever touch me again!"
Ned Flanders replied "I'll have a Shirley... no, a virgin... no, make it a children's... Oh, what the heck, you only live once. Give me a..."
Homer Simpson said: "Hello, local utility? You greedy bastards have gouged Homer Simpson for the last time."
Bart Simpson answered: "I've been using his avatar to play poker and trash his favorite restaurants on Yelp."
Bart Simpson replied "Make a fire! Be scared of the fire! Evolve! Evolve! Get religious about a bird you see! Sprain your ankle and know it's a death sentence!"
Lisa Simpson answered "DU GRUNST NICHT NUR ZUR SOMMERZEIT, /"
C. Montgomery Burns replied "I think you'd better drop it!"
Homer Simpson answered: "No problem. You can unload."
"What's going on?" Marge Simpson responded.
"What about Sodom and Gomorrah?" Ned Flanders replied.
"I always was, honey. Look. Cameron's about to sing the song I wrote for him. He's about to learn the most important lesson in the music business: don't trust people in the music business.", Homer Simpson responded.
"I suppose I should get something to eat.", Marge Simpson responded.
"It's just you and me now, lock of hair...", Homer Simpson said.
"Yep, she's clean as a bean. But, I did tip off the Feds as to the whereabouts of our good friend, Milhouse.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Okay, so what are you?" Homer Simpson replied.
"It would be nice.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Bart Simpson: "Milhouse!"
"No, Dad! Didn't you listen to anything I said?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"-- thy God hath lent thee -- by these angels he hath sent thee. Respite and nepenthe from thy memories of Lenore! Quaff, oh quaff this kind nepenthe and forget this lost Lenore!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Nah. I want to enjoy this show before the network retools it.", Homer Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders: "Oh, my, what a little mess we've got here! Well, which ones are yours and which ones are mine?"
Homer Simpson said: "Damn those novelty telephone answering machine tapes!"
"Maggie, no!", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "What are we looking for, anyway?"
Moe Szyslak said "Geez, that's quite a list."
Marge Simpson answered "Mr. Hutz! I didn't know you sold real estate."
Homer Simpson said: "That's the plan."
"I see...", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Well, at least you don't have to suffer, boy."
"Money is like a job you don't even have to do!", Moe Szyslak said.
"That's it. We're just going to have to pay for that call to Brazil.", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "No, I haven't, Lisa. Because I went out with a camera and did a different kind of story."
"Don't be alarmed, Apu. Just go about your daily routine like I'm not wearing the hat." Homer Simpson answered.
"Damn you, rock'em sock'em robots! Can't we all just get along?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Well, well, Mr. Never-Wrong was right again -- family vacations always suck. I called it. Called. It.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Thank you, Doctor. Marge?" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Ooh, look at me! I'm Kim Basinger, the big movie star! I'm so beautiful! I think I'm so great! I'm too important to take Homer to the Oscars."
Lisa Simpson said "Yay!/ Way to go!"
Marge Simpson answered "Oh, Lord."
"Well, I hope you're happy, Bart. You have no idea what kind of plague you've unleashed upon this town." Seymour Skinner answered.
"Oh, I don't know..." Ned Flanders responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "Listen, Homer. I just want to take advantage of this opportunity to have you enjoy my saxophone with me."
"Dad, can't you have some other kind of party? One where you don't serve meat?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Peace be with you." Ned Flanders said.
Homer Simpson replied "Marriage is so tough. Every second it could explode catastrophically. Makes me not want to come home from my job at the nuclear plant."
"I guess I don't.", Marge Simpson said.
"Yeah, but all these skulls and crossbones on here... I don't usually sign stuff like that.", Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Shut up and wreck something."
"In this corner, for truth and justice -- Captain Flag and Half-Mast.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Marge Simpson: "Not now, Lisa."
"You said it, sister.", Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "Right, right."
Homer Simpson responded "I've never been so happy."
Bart Simpson said: "Oh well, I guess the wedding's off. Fiddle dee dee, tomorrow's another day."
"It's crystal clear who did this: Jack Crowley." Seymour Skinner responded.
Homer Simpson said "What? No one judges my wife's thunderbags! Well maybe I was wrong about these people. Who ever thought a cool person could be a jerk?"
Homer Simpson said: "Heh heh. You don't have a son."
"Don't touch me. Your hands feel like salad tongs." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded "Free breakfast if we sit through a sales pitch. Just remember, Milhouse, do not buy the condo."
Homer Simpson said "Yeah, the governor wrote me a letter to that effect."
Marge Simpson responded: "Don't be so sure."
Homer Simpson answered: "Every since you started therapy all you can do is talk about yourself. Well what about me, Marge?"
"Wait a minute. These mallet things are padded with foam rubber. What's the point?" Homer Simpson said.
"Whoa! Looks like our bird house is benefitting from positive word of beak." Lisa Simpson responded.
"It is me, Jesus!" Homer Simpson answered.
"... And he was a firm believer in Fletcherism, and he played the organ, and his favorite flower was the heliotrope -- oh, and his middle name was Alva. And he never, ever, ever wore pajamas. And..." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "I'm a ten year old boy in Toronto. I should be the happiest kid in the world... but I can't stop thinking about Greta."
Marge Simpson responded "No, no, no, no! I'm not gonna have my son go to jail over some silly tiff with Australia! You'll just have to find some other country to have relations with."
"You're right." Ned Flanders said.
Homer Simpson answered: "I'd like a yellow boat, please. With extra motors."
Homer Simpson answered: "Move this here. Tap. Mill! Mill! Barn! Silo! Tavern-tavern-tavern-tavern-tavern-tavern! Brothel. Parsonage! Theater In The Round! And... hay pile..."
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Look at your heroic daddy in there."
Homer Simpson replied "Marco!"
"Dad, the next time we see you we'll do something more fun." Homer Simpson said.
"Mama mia. Look what the Hawaiian restaurant threw out!", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "Gotcha. Hey, Grampa, do you think I could've been a Flying Hellfish?"
"Oh, that's sensible." Marge Simpson answered.
"Gotta eat the rest!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Be normal! Be normal!"
Homer Simpson said: "It's okay, Marge. We don't need to go on a trip. We'll just wait for the killer bees to come to us."
"Well boy, looks like you've got yourself a roommate.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Oh, no! That's Bart and Lisa!"
"We're not engaged.", Marge Simpson said.
"You heard me. Deploy the de-lochinator.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Seymour Skinner replied: "You know I wish I had an exciting life... like that class picture photographer. Ho, how many women has he had in that van? Two, that I know of."
Seymour Skinner replied: "Hmm. His brand of gum--Doublemint. Trying to double your fun, eh, Bart? Well, I'll double your detention. I wish someone was around to hear that. And so we enter end game."
"The kids are saying if you say Bloody Margie five times, she'll appear. But then she gouges your eyes out." Bart Simpson replied.
"Oh Homie, the insurance bill is due today. Can you make sure to mail it?" Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "Wow, Dad, this is the juiciest watermelon I ever tasted."
"We've gotta get her out of there! Babies aren't supposed to sleep on their stomach on a cake!", Marge Simpson responded.
"Marge, mail's here.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "Bart!"
Bart Simpson said "Duncan's really fast, Dad. He was just intimidated by those other horses."
"Don Rickles zinged you, Marge.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Buh." Homer Simpson answered.
"It's daddy's turn!", Homer Simpson said.
"Usually people that tease me get thrown out on their ass. But, uh, your sayin' it made me feel good. Jeez, I sound like one of those guys in theM rom coms that play at the theater next to the theater I'm in.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"...And you're not coming out until you reach an agreement." Bart Simpson responded.
"There's only one place in town where the bees can survive. And Mr. Burns wants to tear it down. Please, people. You didn't listen to me about the snail darter, you didn't listen to me about the osprey, and you didn't listen to me about the javelina." Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "I bet it's a combination to a safe!"
"Hey, what are we gonna wear tomorrow?", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Where's Santa's Little Helper?"
Homer Simpson said: "Well, Bart learned a lesson, and most important of all, we don't have to stop and pick up dinner."
C. Montgomery Burns: "With the departure of Mr. Marley, there will now be an entry-level position open in Sector 7G. Now get out. The bar is closed."
Marge Simpson answered "Isabel's only eight. As she grows up, surprising things will happen to her body... of beliefs. But she could always use a friend like you."
Homer Simpson answered "You sold us out, Conover!"
"Help! Help! I fell down the well.", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "You know, Krabappel just needs to chill out and realize life is cool. But how?"
Homer Simpson: "And what if we picked the wrong religion? Every week we're just making God madder and madder."
"Bail out!" Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "Observe - a bike lock."
Homer Simpson responded: "We'll talk."
"Help me! Help meeeee!" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "To Ned Flanders... the richest left- handed man in town."
"WAY HEAL AWAY! / WE'LL HEAL AWAY JOE!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Ooh, those stupid eggheads.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Hey, if they think I'm gonna stop at that stop sign, they're sadly mistaken.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "Hey, down in front!"
Bart Simpson responded: "Why didn't you strangle me?"
Marge Simpson replied: "Homer, when are you going to fix this faucet?"
Moe Szyslak said "You crazy skirt! Nobody backs out on fake good Moe! I oughta..."
"One problem at a time, boy." Ned Flanders responded.
"I can't wait to get the freshness out of my mouth!", Bart Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner: "So let's get right to the item I'm sure you're waiting for: the latest Mapple MyPad!"
Lisa Simpson replied "Today the Hitachees have dwindled to a handful, and our detailed genealogical records were cruelly destroyed by the white man. So, any attempts to research my tribe would be the ultimate insult."
"I can't believe I'm on the town with Glamorous Godfrey himself! Tell me of your epic battle with Swedish Olaf Johannsen.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Homer, between your hair care products and new wardrobe, we're not saving anything for a rainy day?" Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "No, I..."
"Okay, Dan. Fire away.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Yeah... you help me, and I, in turn, am helped by you.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Those last three avalanches were your fault, Simpson.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Marge Simpson responded "Kids, your father made us breakfast."
Bart Simpson answered "No."
Marge Simpson responded "Rag soup!"
"Uh... better than that.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Come on kids, we should go. Goodbye, Selma."
Homer Simpson answered "School, please."
"What am I supposed to use it for -- transporting water to distant urban centers?!" Homer Simpson responded.
"That's right, money. Your money's happiness is all that moneys." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "How many more, sir?"
Homer Simpson responded "You see? Hey, what are you looking at?"
"Snowball II... Santa's Little Helper... this is Princess. Please don't exclude her because she's different." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Plastic surgery it is!", Moe Szyslak responded.
"Oh, I don't know. It won't seem like Christmas without opening up a giant credit card bill in January." Homer Simpson replied.
"Now get out." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"You two are the kind of tenants every landlord dreams of: excellent credit, Christian but not Baptist, and let's see: according to your application you only have sex for procreation." Ned Flanders replied.
Homer Simpson replied "I guess this is the time to tell you..."
Seymour Skinner said: "Okay, okay. I'll just look the other way."
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh, no you don't!"
Bart Simpson responded: "TV families were always hugging and tackling issues."
Homer Simpson said "All right. I'll make a base camp here and try for the summit tomorrow."
"You had a crush on my old sister." Bart Simpson replied.
"Because sometimes the only way you can feel good about yourself is by making someone else look bad. And I'm tired of making other people feel good about themselves.", Homer Simpson answered.
"So, when's the party?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "So you did learn something."
"They made an elephant!", Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered: "You guys have dates?"
Lisa Simpson answered "No, I'm gonna stick to my platform of incremental policy amelioration: fluoridated water fountains, vegan lunch options..."
Homer Simpson responded "Hey, let's do that two thousand pound man thing. I'll be that Carl Reiner guy, you be what's his face."
Moe Szyslak: "We could try sellin' liquor. I'm doin' great!"
"I know! It's a complete violation of your rights. Not to mention--", Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "Bart, I have a riddle for you: What's the sound of one hand clapping?"
"I know parts of our marriage are based on lies, but so are a lot of good things: religion, American history...", Homer Simpson replied.
"Back! Back, I say!", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "Dad, why are you kowtowing to Mr. Van Houten?"
"And then we got him neutered.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"I hope I never hear that God-awful nutcracker music again.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "He's a good doggie!"
Homer Simpson: "Give my Dad another heart attack?!"
"Homer?", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "The beauty of it is each parking space is a mere one foot narrower. Indistinguishable to the naked eye. But therein lies the game."
Marge Simpson replied "Did you pack everything you need?"
Ned Flanders responded "Oh, we're not as well-off as you think. We give to eight different churches, just to hedge our bets. And the Leftorium's business has gone way downhill since Leftopolis moved in next door."
"Huh, ooooh, punch!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Dammit! This circus Wi-Fi is a joke!", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Well, not the Unitarians. If that's the one true faith, I'll eat my hat."
Marge Simpson said: "Happy anniversary, Homer."
Marge Simpson answered: "How many of you were hit on the head with mallets last week?"
"Here we go. Four-three-two..." Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "Bart, it's naive to think you can change a person. Except maybe that boy who works in the library."
"Then stand back!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Get 'em off! Get 'em off!", Marge Simpson replied.
"JIMMY CRACK CORN AND I DON'T CARE / JIMMY CRACK CORN AND I'M NOT THERE / WE BUILT THIS CITY ON ROCK AND ROLLLLL / SOMETHING SOMETHING DAY." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Throw your peanuts!"
"Billionaire!", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson said "Not if I can stop that inauguration!"
"Now, boys and girls, let's welcome our special guest, Ted Carpenter from the Twirl King yo-yo company." Seymour Skinner answered.
"Now Lisa, you're a vegetarian, but these cows have made a different choice.", Marge Simpson answered.
"What the... What happ... uh... oh no..." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Come here boy, I want to show you something."
Lisa Simpson replied "I've got a visual."
"Oh Moe, this suit really brings out the herringbone in your eyes!", Marge Simpson replied.
"You and Lisa better go find homes for these puppies -- and don't just dump them all off on some crazy lady." Marge Simpson replied.
"Shut up." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Oh, how embarrassing. Well, let me just give you one of my many other valid...", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "I just wanna say... juice box fight!"
Homer Simpson responded: "I hope it's better than last year's lousy gift."
"Could I get a beer?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Now that's what I call a modern family." Lisa Simpson said.
"Apu, you gotta help me! I need a valentine's gift for my wife." Homer Simpson responded.
"Grape.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Get bent."
"Twenty-nine ninety-nine.", Homer Simpson replied.
"She might marry someone like me? You think that would be bad!?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Okay, what can I get for twelve, count 'em, twelve prize tickets?", Bart Simpson said.
"Son, this is the only time I'm ever gonna say this. It is not okay to lose." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Number Four and a Half reed! Whoo hoo!"
"This hospital has another doctor?" Bart Simpson said.
"Bankers away!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Aww..."
"Well... I guess I can't, which is a shame because I really hate those cartoons." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Try this one..."
C. Montgomery Burns: "Ooh sounds delish. Let me just toss some jeans on and... Wait a minute! Who is this?!"
"No, thanks!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson: "Dad! Remember how you said that going to Itchy and Scratchy Land would be too damned expensive?"
"Like what?", Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "How else could he have gotten this?"
"Cincinnati...", Homer Simpson responded.
"How 'bout some of my new microbrew?", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Apu, I'm sure the last thing they want to talk about is...", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Checkmate, Mr. Trampoline."
"I swear I don't know where the bombs are! Only the Miners know that! Maybe this will loosen your tongue! No! Blah!!", Bart Simpson replied.
"...And three makes three.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Not bad, not bad." Moe Szyslak responded.
"Thanks. But I couldn't have done it, Mom. I mean, the person you kiss under a mulberry tree is someone you'll love for the rest of your life.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"She's wearing white? She must have rolled the odometer back to zero.", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "General Washington?!"
"He's an awful, awful, awful man, but I guess if he makes Mom happy, that's all that really matters.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Assassins!"
"Ummm..." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "Wonderful."
"So why didn't you invite me?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Uh-oh." Bart Simpson responded.
"Homer, I don't think we have the same musical tastes.", Ned Flanders replied.
"Wait, this is just a shaved puppy.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Why the hose, Homer?", Bart Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "...So I foreclosed on her mortgage and took her cats!"
"Baby to Marge. Baby to Marge. Wah! Wah! Over.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Shush, dear, you'll wreck Daddy's fun.", Homer Simpson replied.
"I know it looks very bad, honey -- but who knows? Maybe it'll turn out he was innocent all along." Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "Mom, what are you doing in my game?! How would you like it if I suddenly started going shopping with you?"
"How did you write all these books?" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Huh?"
"C'mon, just pick a popular song.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Aw, you know something Marge, it's not that tough being a film cricket."
"You were charming enough to win me, and that day you didn't have a drink in you.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Okay, here are your tickets. They're supposed to be good. You're sitting with the player's wives. And don't forget to cheer for me."
Homer Simpson answered: "I drove."
"To prove my brother's innocence, I demand a youth court!", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "But how? We would need the ultimate chill-out song."
"All Dad needs to do is put his stone inside that circle and they win." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Oh great. Who are you in love with? Bart?"
"Mmm-hmm." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "All gone."
Homer Simpson answered "Hey come on, why don't you cheer up with a glass of Ocean Spray? Oh boy -- forget that. How about some... Cap'n Crunch? Uh, Seven Seas Italian dressing? No, no! Uh, Chicken of the Sea tuna? Billy Ocean CD? The history of Atlantic Records?"
Bart Simpson answered: "Your nerves!"
"Shut up, you little monsters! Hello, I was wondering if you'd like to baby-sit my little angels.", Homer Simpson said.
"Yeah, they ate all my socks! I have to wear Lisa's to school today!", Bart Simpson said.
"That's my boy. Nyah-nyah, nyah, nyah-nyah-nyah!", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "What fun can you have in a pool, anyway, that you can't have in a bathtub with a garbage bag taped around your cast?"
Homer Simpson replied "No, I just thought it was cute when you called him..."
Lisa Simpson answered: "You can strangle Bart, but you can't strangle your humiliation."
"Poor Homie. I still can't believe a piece of broccoli killed you.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Woo-hoo!", Homer Simpson responded.
"You love me! Caloo Calay!" Seymour Skinner replied.
"--and they can also bloody well change back!" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Just tell them about yourself.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Grieving father, comin' through..." Homer Simpson responded.
"We'd better send the dog down. Come on. Here's your chance to protect us, boy. Come on.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "'Ut 'uz it 'ay?"
"What are we gonna do with him?" Bart Simpson said.
"They never seem to like that analogy." Seymour Skinner answered.
"If you're not gonna take care of him right, then give him to me.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"I remember everything -- you get drunk all the time!", Marge Simpson responded.
"Okay Marge, I hear ya. Now that Krabappel has made her decision, it's time to whitewash over our problems." Homer Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "My Gloria is still inside! Save her!"
Homer Simpson replied "I make my own turnoffs."
Moe Szyslak replied "Oh yeah. Uh well, ya see, uh trash day ain't 'til Wednesday..."
"All that's left is banana Runts! That's the worst Runt!" Bart Simpson answered.
"I don't know. Dork farm? Who cares?" Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson: "Very impressive!"
"Good aim, Dad." Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "Chief is fine."
"Don't gloat, Homer. You know, Bart, when I was your age, the one thing I wanted more than anything in the world was a Child-sized Electric Lightbulb Oven. My parents wouldn't give me the money, so I went to my sisters, Patty and Selma...", Marge Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak answered "That's true."
"It is. It's been happening to me all my life.", Homer Simpson responded.
"I'm a murdiddly-erdiler." Ned Flanders replied.
"Hm. I cut the wires to something.", Homer Simpson said.
"And they're set at a place kids relate to. Say, a school.", Seymour Skinner responded.
"Here they come! Raise the flag!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Fly! Fly! C'mon, man! Do the wing thing!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Ooo, Bart! My first prank call. What do I do?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, Milhouse! You're very brave.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "I saw them unloading dynamite!"
"It's not funny! These movements are involuntary!", Seymour Skinner responded.
"How would you like two weeks of spring break?" Seymour Skinner answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh Homie, you're so... enlightened."
Bart Simpson answered: "Hey Dad, check it out!"
"Oh yeah, right..." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "What's the point? We're all slowly dying."
"How?" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Come on TV... gimme some of that sweet, sweet pap!"
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Really? You don't say. Did you know about this?"
"Like no one ever writes for money, Lisa. I don't see your boyfriend William Shakespeare missing too many meals." Bart Simpson answered.
"I didn't know you knew Luke Perry!" Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Mom, will you make me breakfast?"
Homer Simpson replied "Anne of Cleves!"
"Apu told me all eight babies have colic. Although he thinks one or two might just be going along with the crowd." Marge Simpson responded.
"Monkeys cry." Homer Simpson answered.
"I admit it.", Homer Simpson answered.
"We can wipe out B.C. in our lifetime." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "They're gonna be in the same class as each other?"
"That's my favorite game. I just can't remember what to yell out when you win." Homer Simpson said.
"Hi Mom." Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "There are some dogs. We could all ride dogs."
"So, anyway, uh, what I wanted to say was... everybody vogue!" Moe Szyslak responded.
Marge Simpson said "Bodacious Frittatas? Buffet the Hunger Slayer?"
Marge Simpson: "Homer!"
C. Montgomery Burns said "Ahoy-hoy?"
Bart Simpson replied "The doorman died."
Bart Simpson replied "Flavor's gone."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Bart, please. Don't you remember that Snowball I died four years ago tonight? Run over by the Mayor's beer swilling brother, Clovis."
Lisa Simpson said: "Yay!"
"And now the effort of writing has made me lightheaded. So I close by saying, save us! Save us now! Bart and Lisa.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "X-ray specs."
"Marge?", Homer Simpson said.
"Oh it's great. Like somebody barfed a two-story pile of puke." Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "It always comes down to trans-substantiation versus con-substantiation."
"I thought you didn't like her." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Oh yes you are. Why, in the right light, you're starting to get your own muzzle."
"Hi, Dr. Nick." Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "Sorry, Chief. Uhm, we were just playing."
"Marge! Marge! Where are you?!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh my God! You don't suppose they're gonna start--", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Yeah, why don't we buy 'em mink stoles while we're at it?"
"What? Uh, um, yeah. Uh, I just want to say how great it is to finally see some chicks on the bench.", Bart Simpson said.
"Snowball does tricks?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"X-ray specs." Bart Simpson answered.
"I suppose you're all wondering where I've been. It all started a week ago. I was at my desk, revising and updating the school dress codes, when...", Seymour Skinner replied.
Ned Flanders responded: "I'm afraid I have a bone to pick with you."
Lisa Simpson replied "How can you embarrass me like this? You won't sit through anything that doesn't have car crashes!"
"No!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Wow, get a load of that toilet." Homer Simpson responded.
"Our dog isn't famous. And you kids aren't exactly John and Joan Cusack. And you. You couldn't open a movie if your life depended on it. I'm about ready to ankle this family.", Homer Simpson responded.
"C'mon, I'm a decent guy...", Homer Simpson answered.
"You keep thinking that!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Dad, you tell everybody everything. Even Moe knew when I threw up on the dentist." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Hey, Dubya." Bart Simpson replied.
"Ready.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders responded "Ow! My Flander-doodles!"
"Cool." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Woo hoo! Flood from water!"
"He's just exhausted. Lisa, do you know how much it costs to keep a pony?" Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "So my mellow fellow citizens, when you go into that voting booth on Tuesday the seventh..."
"It's me, Willie. Bart Simpson.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Oh, I'm so glad you're not an Accounts Man anymore." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Going to that fancy waterfront party tomorrow."
"The laundry. The machine's on the fritz, and we can't afford the four hundred dollars to fix it.", Marge Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak: "We're losin' power!"
Lisa Simpson said: "Yeah, Bart."
"Do you have anything by Prince... Wilhelm of Prussia?", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"You cold?", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "Are you going through our garbage?"
"Well, you didn't have two beers with your lunch." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "And I'm going to the park to jam with the Little White Girls Blues Quartet. Wanna come with me, Daddy-o?"
Homer Simpson responded "You little scamp."
"Moe, you're a heartless jerk!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "Uh, Mom..."
C. Montgomery Burns: "Hail, brothers! Quoronon cillairia ozu mahoq!"
"Shut up." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"I need you to go the gas station. Tell them you need to inflate your tires, but actually you inflate these volleyballs." Homer Simpson said.
"He sure is neurotic for a monster.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Yes." Homer Simpson said.
"Relax, Marge. I wasn't gonna kill him.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Stig. You've got a name that's not a name."
"Don't worry, they'll start negotiating." Bart Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders said: "Roddy, get down! You're gonna fall!"
"So many paddles." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "What's the matter, Marge? I thought you loved Jello shooters."
"You can wear swimsuits instead of underwear!" Marge Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner said "Let's hear it for Lisa Simpson and her wacky sax."
"He said he went caroling with Bart.", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "You guys look exhausted. Maybe you oughta rest for a while."
"Uh-huh, and now hand me your neck...", Marge Simpson replied.
"Ooh, Battlestar Galactica.", Homer Simpson answered.
"One day soon I will come for you, and then the game will begin. Could be in the middle of the night. It could be when you least expect it. Or whatever's good for you. I don't care.", Homer Simpson responded.
"God --" Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "That's it, Maggie! Use the Dino-Wand!"
"Me too." Marge Simpson replied.
"Marge, you must hate me for not taking Mr. Burns' money." Homer Simpson answered.
"Can't sleep... Clown'll eat me... Can't sleep... Clown'll eat me...", Bart Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders responded: "The rent check is late."
Bart Simpson answered: "Oh man."
"I LOVE NPR, AND JAZZ GUITAR..." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "I like our chances, son."
"And the rest." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Did you eat the cookies, Maggie."
"Stay boy! Stay! Stay! Stayyy!!", Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied: "THREE LITTLE MAIDS FROM SCHOOL ARE WE / PERT AS A SCHOOLGIRL WELL CAN BE / FILLED TO THE BRIM WITH GIRLISH GLEE / THREE LITTLE MAIDS FROM SCHOOL..."
Marge Simpson said "Lisa. Lisa, wait..."
Marge Simpson answered: "Nelson, leggings?"
"Well, gee, I..." Ned Flanders answered.
"I'm comin', boy!" Homer Simpson responded.
"I'm not sure this is going to work out." Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "What?! You cry all the time! You cried when they canceled that show you hated."
"Homer? Homer?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Burning the candle at both ends, eh boy? Go get 'em.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Yeah!", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Oh, man -- I gotta climb stairs? Forget it."
"I mean hello!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "What?! What's she doing here?"
"Another surfer?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Bart! Pull over!"
"I see you're impressed by my costume for the school's annual drug awareness assembly." Seymour Skinner answered.
"Release the hounds!", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"--- you're gonna get...", Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh Lord. What now?" Marge Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders said "No one was ever a monkey! Everything is what it was and always will be! God put us here and that's that!"
Marge Simpson: "Moe, your upper lip is trembling."
"You dunkin' your sausages in that syrup, homeboy?", Bart Simpson replied.
"Until inevitably..." Marge Simpson replied.
"You know Rainier Wolfcastle?", Bart Simpson said.
"No Tommy Tune, eh? Oh, that's it. You insulted my honor." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Hey, I know... How about if I dig up some dirt on Allison? Remember how I got Milhouse's picture on America's Most Wanted?"
Moe Szyslak: "Boobs. Just like what girls got."
"Well, methinks the lady doth protest too much!" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "You do? Cool, a blank check for mayhem."
"And that horrible act of child abuse became one of our most beloved running gags." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Woo hoo!"
"We'll be there!", Marge Simpson answered.
"No way! Aberdeen rules!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Our first bail jumper!", Ned Flanders replied.
"Uh... no thanks.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Hyaa! Hyaa!", Bart Simpson answered.
"Evolution is widely acknowledged as scientific fact. It's even accepted by prominent conservatives, like George Will and the late Pope John Paul!", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Let's go, Bart...", Marge Simpson responded.
"Don't start the exhibit without me!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Without my magic suit, I'm nothin'.", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Hey, I'm jealous of her, too. When you're a baby, you spend all day just rollin' around on the floor. Boy, I miss that." Bart Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak replied: "Me, a supervisor?! I feel like I overdosed and went to Heaven."
"There he is. Krusty, we came to see how many campaign promises you've kept.", Marge Simpson responded.
"You know Homer, I let a lot of things slide, but when you can't keep a roof over your family's head, you're just not much of a father.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "As soon as I graduate, I am so outta here."
"What are we gonna do to that field?" Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Really?"
"How come you talked for four hundred dollars?", Marge Simpson responded.
"Keep 'em comin'." Homer Simpson replied.
"But I'm going to give gifts that aren't expensive and come from the heart.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"This is our relish tray. I'd like you to film it for insurance purposes." Homer Simpson responded.
"That's a risk I'm willing to take.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"'Cause he's all man." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "I can and do. Go to your room, Bart! There, I've done it. I'm glad somebody finally stepped in and put an end to this nonsense once and for all."
Homer Simpson: "Gotta change Maggie! Dear God, we gotta change Maggie!"
Bart Simpson responded "Car!"
"DAAAAAD! You're not listening to me." Lisa Simpson answered.
"All right, who rubbed my nickels?!" Moe Szyslak responded.
Homer Simpson: "Marge, I wanted to save you from the cops, but the cops followed me! Game over, man! Game over! So, are you gonna introduce me to your friends?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Death? We don't want any."
Bart Simpson responded: "Man, if I was making that kind of money, I'd be out of here so fast..."
"Exactly. Well, we're all set. Let's make a Thad Supersperm Junior. With a name like that, he could be president.", Homer Simpson said.
"Hey, Martin seconded the motion. It's entirely his fault." Lisa Simpson said.
"Ooh, erotic cakes!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Hi mom. Hi dad. Home already? Boy, time really flies when you're reading... The Bible? Ew.", Bart Simpson responded.
"What's it to ya?" Bart Simpson responded.
"Dad!", Lisa Simpson said.
"Wait. Can we have a moment in private?" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "Testing..."
"It's either milk... or paint.", Moe Szyslak replied.
Lisa Simpson said "No, Bart. Peace on Earth."
Marge Simpson: "Why thank you, Roberta."
Homer Simpson replied "Look, son. Edison was just like me."
"Okay, that stings Daddy's eyes, honey.", Homer Simpson said.
"You spent fifty-two hundred dollars on beer?" Marge Simpson answered.
"Homer! Are you all right?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Any of these will be fine." Homer Simpson replied.
"You know, maybe I shouldn't be here. I promised my wife I'd lose weight.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "Hey, Mom, look what I got."
Lisa Simpson answered "Hey, there are no lenses in these glasses..."
Homer Simpson responded "Marge! I think I hate Ted Koppel. No wait, I find him informative and witty. 'Nite."
Lisa Simpson said: "I stand corrected."
Lisa Simpson said "Just take my whole backpack!"
"That's not even a mask. It's axle grease!", Bart Simpson answered.
"Listen... I got a place down the hall.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "Would you mind if I took it off now? The oil is burning my finger."
"Well, don't worry, boy. I know a wholesome way to take your mind off girls." Homer Simpson responded.
"But-but-but..." Bart Simpson answered.
"Funopoly?", Bart Simpson replied.
"Well, could be worse.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "What? That doesn't sound like me."
"Well, no I don't. Actually, I never really...", Marge Simpson responded.
"Well, why doesn't he just say so?", Homer Simpson responded.
"No. I'm sorry about the dinners. I'll make up for it tomorrow night.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Testify!" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Hey, it's the least they can do after we saved them from being melty-faced weirdoes."
"KRUSTY", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "Uh maybe... uh, one more dish. Make it double cappuccino chocolate fudge."
Homer Simpson said "Got it."
Marge Simpson responded: "I'll take a cart."
Bart Simpson replied: "What the Hell?"
Lisa Simpson said: "Dad, are you hurt?"
"A little rich for my blood, sir.", Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson replied "Hey, she's getting away with the washcloth!"
"It just gets worse and worse." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Oh my God!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Sky, sky, sky with building, grass, grass with foot.", Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded "Poor Krusty, he's like a black velvet painting come to life."
Homer Simpson replied "Wow. This is the kind of car you see in commercials! How much am I paying for this?"
Lisa Simpson: "Folks, we're just having a little family tiff. If you'll just bear with us..."
"I'm calling to report... a missing donut cart.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Because you think I'm dynamic?" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Oh, great."
Homer Simpson said "I can't get the... I can't get the door closed. Somebody's going to have to get out."
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Excellent!"
Lisa Simpson: "Princeton, B.A., Oxford, M.A. -- I smell a Rhodes."
Bart Simpson responded "This is the real Homer Simpson -- a beer-drinking meanie!"
"I sure envy him.", Homer Simpson responded.
"And all those feet going by the window are really creeping me out." Lisa Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak replied: "Ahh, kiss my dishrag!"
"Oh, no! What have I done?!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Thank you." Lisa Simpson replied.
"It's the first day of school." Bart Simpson said.
"Not really." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Well hi, Lurleen. We were just talking about you. Uh... I think I can come over. Let me ask my wife.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Why can't I cork my wang-wine?" Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "He said he went home, and his passport is gone. What country is he from?"
Lisa Simpson responded "Anything?"
"Yes, but this time I'm sober. Ish." Homer Simpson replied.
"I mean this!", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Over there."
"Could not!", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Well...", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "What are you doing Tuesdays and Thursdays after school?"
Lisa Simpson replied "No you're not! Uh, I'll come back tomorrow."
Homer Simpson said "Heh heh heh... Oh, Lisa, this isn't real. It's just how you might look if you were a cartoon character."
"Nothing, but you might say yes the ninety-ninth time.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"So at work today, we got a memo saying everyone's getting new chairs.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "He won't leave the car."
"No! Then who'd chop off my hands?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Is there anyone in here that just wants a haircut with no chitchat?" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "I can't believe I lost."
Bart Simpson said "I suck?! You suck!"
"So many rings! But which one is the key to finding the gem?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Relax, I called her from the gas station."
"Homer, my hat goes off to you." Bart Simpson said.
"No, please! I can't bear another thrashing. Just leave me be.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Ohh, Bart, that's plutonium. It's highly unstable." Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "That's the book I need. You'll probably take forever with it too."
Lisa Simpson responded: "No one's pinching his legs."
"Did you talk about me in therapy today?", Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "It has come to my attention that you lunch-bagging wage-lizards are robbing me blind!"
Bart Simpson responded "Aye carumba!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "The defense has just one more question."
Lisa Simpson: "Our family has heroes!"
Homer Simpson responded "Miracle breakthrough! There's been a miracle breakthrough?"
Homer Simpson replied "Huh?"
Homer Simpson said "Ah, this beer's deliskous. I'm gonna saves me wife! Now let's get this show on the road."
Bart Simpson said "Not so tough now, huh?"
Marge Simpson answered: "Kids, come back in the house!"
"Mmm! Tasty! Love the texture. What is it?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "What are you doing?"
"Who could it be? A disgruntled former employee? Whoever it is, the cobra is their symbol." Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh hey Homer, I hope you didn't forget that today's our big day!", Moe Szyslak answered.
"I never want you in this house again!", Marge Simpson responded.
"What?!" Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "Really?"
"Goodnight, sweetheart." Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "First we reel them in, then we scare the hell out of them."
"Melvis? Where's Mary?" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh no."
"Well, we didn't get any money, but Mr. Burns got what he wanted. Marge, I'm confused. Is this a happy ending or a sad ending?", Homer Simpson responded.
"It's true. You have good coping skills.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Stop kissing that cat and get in the car!"
Lisa Simpson replied "Not today."
"Not in my hall, bub.", Bart Simpson responded.
"But they stole our lemon tree!" Bart Simpson replied.
"Oh. Here we go.", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "Oh, right, we need one more thing from her purse."
"All right.", Homer Simpson said.
"Lisa, your food's getting cold!" Marge Simpson replied.
"Son, let's forget all about that drug thing. Why don't you just come down and have some taffy?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Ohhh, does it ever!", Seymour Skinner answered.
Seymour Skinner said: "Well, it is starting to rain, but I can hardly be blamed for that, can I?"
"What did I do?", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "Okay, it's go time."
"Bart, who are you talking to?" Marge Simpson answered.
"What the! That idiot cut me off!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Too hard.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "Aren't you the boy who beats up my son?"
"Wow. For realsies?" Moe Szyslak replied.
"Two, actually. Twins.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "'Course he did, son. He's a filthy crook. Now, let's all hit the hay."
"Dad, do you realize we've put more time into this than all my schoolwork combined?" Bart Simpson replied.
"Oh, and her." Marge Simpson said.
Ned Flanders replied "Hear that, Maude? Homer's a critic."
Seymour Skinner responded "What about gym?"
Homer Simpson answered "Go on..."
"... Flintstones' chewable morphine." Bart Simpson said.
"All yours, Homer." Bart Simpson said.
"So, that's why I'm cleanin' things and flushin' things, and makin' this place look respectable.", Moe Szyslak replied.
"He's working on a jigsaw puzzle.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"It's not over yet!" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Well, I quit my job just like you said to."
"Bart, did you hear that?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "What exactly is it your company does again?"
Lisa Simpson replied: "Cu-ckoo!"
"How about you, Barney?" Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied "Wait, I know he's an unethical magician, and his tattoos are a inconsistent mix of hieroglyphics and cuneiforms. But he doesn't deserve to die."
Homer Simpson answered: "Absolutely. Our third Sunday of every month should be a pleasure, not a chore. Where's some place fun we can take Grampa next time?"
"You don't have to join a freak show just because the opportunity came along." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Marge! Marge!"
Marge Simpson answered: "Perfect."
"Yes, sir.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "Oh, Homie! You're alive!"
Marge Simpson said "Coltrane? Lisa, I'm glad you're ready to love again. But a kitty needs a proper name, like Whiskers. Or Paws Scaggs."
Homer Simpson responded "Give me the drugs, Lisa."
"I don't talk like that.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Okay, we'll go to my second choice." Bart Simpson answered.
"Only a true father would lead his son to believe he belonged to someone else." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "That's okay sweetheart. Your pig thingy didn't mean it. It's just... it felt comforting to know that while we watched TV, there was art going on behind us."
Homer Simpson: "Lisa, there's absolutely no evidence this is..."
"Boy, you weren't kidding. Your profit margins are razor-thin." Homer Simpson replied.
"Woo hoo!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Well, because before my wretched life comes to a close, I want to know that I had one friend. Also, because while you slept, I violated you repeatedly.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Y'ello." Homer Simpson answered.
"That's lucky." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "See what I mean? Always an argument."
Homer Simpson responded "Sssh! I want her to think I'm cool!"
Lisa Simpson replied "BREAK INTO THE BANK AND SNATCH THAT DOUGH..."
Marge Simpson responded: "Lisa! What are you doing in the Nutmeg State?"
"Hey, what's with them?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Well, I guess it wouldn't kill me to let you in." Ned Flanders said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Gabriella's baby shower will be invaded by terrorists. With sexy results."
Lisa Simpson said: "Is Kobayashi the number one... um... uh..."
Lisa Simpson answered "What if he..."
"Okay! Okay! I'll stay for one beer." Homer Simpson replied.
"Pro: Uhh... uhh... I love you?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Finally, the ribs."
"I'm here to see my Grampa.", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "Selma... about you and Troy. We're not sure he's... all he seems."
"Hair... hair... Just like everybody else." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Mmmm, something smells delicious."
"Marge, get me a beer.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Oww... ch.", Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner responded "Thank you."
Homer Simpson answered: "Hey, they're all right."
"Krusty, that was a great show! Once I was clapping, and the applause sign wasn't even on!", Bart Simpson answered.
"How's things with you and Frank?", Bart Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner replied: "Mrs. Krabappel had to go to Portland. Apparently, the people she hired to de-program her sister from that cult turned out to be an even worse cult."
Homer Simpson said: "I'm not worthy to live among civilized people."
Bart Simpson answered "Ashes to ashes... dust to dust... we've gotta go fight some robots."
"I think Lisa needs to feel a little special tonight. How about letting her ride up front, too?" Marge Simpson replied.
"I don't get it. I finally did a job where I wasn't lazy, stupid, or corrupt -- and now I'm gonna get killed for it." Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Now you have a friend."
"I'm sorry, I don't really want to be here.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "I wasn't drinking. I was learning that nature isn't a complete waste of space."
Seymour Skinner answered: "Oh, no... of course not! Women are unique in every way!"
Marge Simpson said "Homer, would you at least let me take you out on a date?"
"Get out." Homer Simpson responded.
"Homer, that suit doesn't leave much to the imagination." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Siddown, honey. The men will clear the table!"
Lisa Simpson replied "Yes!"
Homer Simpson responded "Well well, look whose come to apologize."
"Yeah, I, I knew it was something stupid. Well thanks, everybody. I... I'm always gonna remember today as the day that I learned to open my heart to human beings and not old pieces of cloth.", Moe Szyslak answered.
Homer Simpson responded "And turn that upside down..."
Marge Simpson answered "But Mr. Trebek --"
C. Montgomery Burns replied "That was no accident. Let's get out of here."
Ned Flanders answered: "Oh, those are not the words!"
"SITTIN' IN A ROCKING CHAIR / EATING BABY CRACK-ERS / TIC TOCK, TIC TOCK, TIC TOCK, BANANA / A-B-C-D-E-F-G / WASH THOSE JUNE BUGS OFF OF ME", Moe Szyslak said.
"I thought you said you'd tell me about my true love?", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Uh... to work for you?"
Bart Simpson answered "Heh heh heh...Jackpot!"
"Oh baby, shake it! Homer like!" Homer Simpson responded.
"I'm sorry, Mr. Leary. Sometimes it's hard to be a parent." Marge Simpson said.
"Alright, after she eats, I'd better close up. C'mon, pal." Moe Szyslak replied.
Ned Flanders: "Toodledy-doo!"
"Okay, slap a fern on there, boy. Now, some mud. There. Ooh! That requires a little mollusk. And mollusk for me. All right. We're ready to hit the town." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "Stop saying that, Dad."
Homer Simpson: "Don't make me choose!"
Bart Simpson responded "I was a great drummer, and now I'm nothing! Just like Phil Collins."
Ned Flanders replied "Better not take a full dose."
"Well, we put up a flyer." Homer Simpson replied.
"Ooh, it must be Bloomsday!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"It's my money... I'm the one who earns it... drinking beer out of a thermos like an animal...", Homer Simpson replied.
"So, ah, what songs did I miss?", Homer Simpson replied.
"A three-chambered peanut! Marge, look what I did! Come quick! Hurry! Marge?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Ah. What am I doing? This isn't me. I'm sorry, Milhouse." Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "Woo hoo! I'm drenched in blood!"
"Deal!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Oh, yeah? Well, when I came to, I was covered with a sticky translucent goo! Explain that!"
Homer Simpson answered "Stupid hippo."
"Pained noises.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Hey girls! Look at me!", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "I wanted to remember my place in the book I was reading."
"No, Homie, wait!", Marge Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Miss, would you submit to a wooing by a gentleman caller?"
"Yeah, like the time you said Dad was taking a weekend leadership seminar, when he was really stuck in a barrel at the junkyard?", Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "All this fuss for a baseball game? Why don't thousands come to watch a teacher inspire a child?"
"Well, I love my husband and I'm glad I do. My name is Marge S. And I'm a Homer-holic!", Marge Simpson answered.
"You like my boots?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"I feel terrible. My own mother reached out to me, and I rejected her. I'm gonna make her a card." Homer Simpson replied.
"Mom! Mom, you're stepping on my heels and knocking my shoes off!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"It's so sterile! MyPods... MyPhones... A Brainiac Bar!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Who the hell is Robin?", Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "I hope no one was hurt."
"Oh, the glue will slow me down." Bart Simpson responded.
"I've seen fancier." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said "Oh, come on, Bart, not again."
Homer Simpson responded "Marge, we can't pinch pennies on the machine that's going to be raising our children."
Homer Simpson said "Remember to rebel against authority, kids."
Homer Simpson answered: "Hey, who shot the auto-dialer? Marge's auto-dialer?"
"Now for a regular cigarette, to make the night complete. Oh! Man, that's good.", Ned Flanders replied.
Bart Simpson replied "You did it, Dad."
"Hey, I'm trying to drive here!", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said: "You've started smoking, Dad?"
"And the kids.", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Church shouldn't be a chore. It should help you in your daily life."
"He-he-he.", Homer Simpson said.
"Same as usual. Perfectomundo.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Oh, I don't know. What would Moe say about that?"
Marge Simpson said "It's making our meter run backwards!"
Marge Simpson answered: "The contractions?"
Lisa Simpson responded: "And they read Newsweek instead of nothing."
Homer Simpson answered "Oh, you mean he generously invited us to come watch him be a rock star?"
"Ma'am, whatever you do, do not marry that ape." Bart Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak said "Yeah, a meditative lily-pond, with big beautiful fish that fry up really good."
Homer Simpson replied "Sorry doesn't put thumbs on the hand, Marge!"
"I need firsthand smoke!", Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "I know this Christmas has been a little rocky even for the Simpsons. But I think these gifts born of thought and love will restore the balance of prajna and samsara, I mean holly and jolly."
"I get food through the mail, but in a different way. Every month Good Housekeeping arrives in my mailbox bursting with recipes. Sometimes the most satisfying meal is the one you cook yourself." Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded: "No, Dad. You could really brighten the holidays for those less fortunate."
Seymour Skinner said: "Bart, you said you didn't get him drunk."
Bart Simpson responded: "You're Andre. I'm Serena."
Homer Simpson said: "Get your own, mooch."
"You are not leaving this table until you eat that broccoli. And I'm going to sit right here until you do." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "All the greats are here -- Jellyroll Jones, Boston Cream Basie, Birthmark Billy Jackson, Grabass Walker, The Fatneck Sisters, and... Bleeding Gums Murphy?!"
Lisa Simpson answered "That's my dorky little brother, Bart --tholomew."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Here's a phone. Call somebody who cares."
Lisa Simpson: "There are perfectly logical explanations for everything that happened. The bonfire sent soot into the air which created rain. And with all the trees cut down, a flood was inevitable."
"A donut from the future!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Jesus says to love your enemies.", Marge Simpson said.
"Honey, it'll be morning soon. Try and get some sleep.", Marge Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak said: "The gargoyle has landed!"
"Homie?", Marge Simpson answered.
"Well, we try, but he has this way of making us think we've punished him when actually we've completely caved in.", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "Hey, somebody screwed up bad! You've got all these big comics lined up for your show, but there's no Krusty."
Homer Simpson responded "Whoo hoo! Denver, yeah!"
"You'll never guess what I heard in the supermarket today. I found out we're the laughingstock of the town.", Marge Simpson said.
"And where will I walk?", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "I haven't heard anything about you, except from you."
"Ovulate, damn you! Ovulate!", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "Congratulations. You're officially a sociopath."
Marge Simpson said "Eww..."
Marge Simpson said: "Okay, Homer. Fair enough. You got it! All right! Good! That's it. That's how I'm gonna express myself. That's right. Goodnight."
Marge Simpson replied: "Well, maybe we should check into a motel."
"Come on, Homer, let's get the kids out of here. Homer?", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Do you know where my keys are?"
"When we got married, is this how you thought we'd be spending our Saturdays? Driving out to the boondocks to trade in a refrigerator motor?" Marge Simpson said.
"Is there a voodoo queen you can direct me to?", Bart Simpson replied.
"Ever!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Check it out, guys. I've been working on this regurgitation thing." Bart Simpson said.
"Still?", Homer Simpson answered.
"War Heads? Jelly Bellies? We're like two kids in a candy store!" Bart Simpson answered.
"Aw geez, we been following him for hours.", Moe Szyslak answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Bye, Moe!"
Marge Simpson said "Normally your father's crackpot schemes fizzle out as soon as he finds something good on TV. But this season..."
"I was in a pie-eating contest on the way home. Now let's go to bed." Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Smithers, there's no way I can lose this bet. Unless, of course, my nine all-stars fall victim to nine separate misfortunes and are unable to play tomorrow. But that will never happen. Three misfortunes, that's possible. Seven misfortunes, there's an outside chance. But nine misfortunes... I'd like to see that."
"No, I just encouraged him.", Marge Simpson said.
"Ay carumba.", Bart Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak replied "I'm sorry, but the secret ingredient dies with me."
"Yeah. Well, just remember when you see my report card they got this whole new grading system this year. It now goes: D,B,A,C.", Bart Simpson said.
"Two to the left.", Bart Simpson replied.
"And here I am using my own lungs like a sucker! And how come everyone gets a bedpan and I have to walk all the way over there?" Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "I'unno."
Homer Simpson responded "It's obvious what's happening. I'm being replaced by a younger, more in-your-face version of me."
"Do a lot of people pay?", Marge Simpson replied.
"He's a very impressive boy." Marge Simpson responded.
"Perfect.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "No, no, no, no, no! Let's not get crazy."
"Au contraire, Simpson! It has three shots of rum, a jigger of bourbon and just little dab-a-roo of creme de cassis for flavor.", Ned Flanders replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Anybody else?"
Lisa Simpson replied: "Look! What's that?!!"
"I bet you could have a lot of fun with this. Why don't you go show your father?", Marge Simpson replied.
"Oh, no!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Uh oh. Something's wrong."
Bart Simpson: "Go crazy, dorks. I got better things to do."
Homer Simpson responded "That's unsexy."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Yeah."
Bart Simpson answered "So?"
"I can't find the key!" Seymour Skinner replied.
Bart Simpson: "Yeah. Not a dame in sight."
"But, uh, there's no point in playing the blame game." Homer Simpson answered.
"Milhouse, this is boring. Make it crash or something!", Bart Simpson answered.
"At last, we're alone...", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "But Balzac is the name--"
Homer Simpson: "Beer. Oh, Marge, I love you!"
"Remove the chocks, Simpson. Simpson?", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Lisa Simpson answered "Can we go too, Dad?"
Lisa Simpson responded "He said there's no shame in their forbidden love."
"Homer!" Marge Simpson answered.
"I liked the knowledgeable docents." Lisa Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak replied: "This one?"
"Now I gotta warn you. We could get in trouble." Bart Simpson replied.
"Well, run for the hills, Ma Barker, before I call the Feds." Homer Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Yes..."
Homer Simpson said "Oh, that should..."
"We'll be dashed to pieces." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"A dog wrote a bestseller?! Aargh! All I've done is procrastinate! Who am I kidding? There will never be a book with my name on it.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Huh? I can't. I don't remember what I did." Homer Simpson answered.
"Ho ho ho. Very funny, wise guy." Ned Flanders responded.
"Oh, oh, Homer. I feel giddy. Wait, what about a babysitter?" Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Are you nuts? You can't even kiss me goodnight without slicing me with your stubble."
"Oh, seven o'clock. The family's just sitting down to dinner." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Well, Ned, you don't have to stand for that. You just march right up to those youngsters and tell them to vamoose." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Whew! Just in the nick of... mmm, beer?"
"It's for people who haven't had heart problems!" Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "Go ahead and laugh. But I took a chance and did something I wanted to do. And if that makes me a sissy, well then, I guess I'm a sissy."
"Well here I am, on my own. And I'm gonna make it, world!", Bart Simpson replied.
"His name is Homer.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Ooh, I'm doing it!", Marge Simpson said.
"The Simpsons are going to Africa!" Homer Simpson said.
"Lisa! You're all right!", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Sweetie, if someone's bullying you, you should tell your teacher."
"What Lisa's trying to say is... there's a new kids' barbershop in the mall, and we'd like to start going there." Bart Simpson responded.
"All right, who took the microwave?" Marge Simpson replied.
"What happened? You didn't fall." Marge Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner replied: "All right. I'll give you a moment. That will give us time to prepare for the splatter."
"Welcome to Chaos Corners, the Pleasure Patch, Satan's Triangle...the one place in town no cameras can see you and no laws can touch you!" Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "Yeah, yeah, yeah. Let me just put this holy grail in my trophy room."
Bart Simpson replied "My lick."
Lisa Simpson: "No."
Bart Simpson said: "Aye carumba!"
Bart Simpson responded "The central computer is through here. All we have to do is upload our file and--"
"You got it.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "All right, but no combat."
"What's this?!", Homer Simpson responded.
"My wha?" Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "Returning this lost key to Principal Skinner."
"Cool! It's that clown car all those midgets drowned in!", Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "Dad, that's too much deterge--"
"What monster, or pair of monsters, would steal our extinguishers?" Seymour Skinner responded.
Moe Szyslak replied: "It's my dumpster!"
Bart Simpson responded: "You guys lied to us!"
"Okay, don't do it for her--", Marge Simpson answered.
"My Confession by Bart Simpson. I am a regular dumb kid... period. I cheated on my intelligence test... period.", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "You're not flushing those springs down our toilet, are you?"
Homer Simpson responded "Ocean view, obstructed."
"Bart, stick to the script. Don't be a jerk." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "So, why didn't you marry one of your crummy backup dancers?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Here's some more chocolate curls, gun buddies."
"Look!" Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "I know a web site that shows monkeys doin' it."
Lisa Simpson said: "Oh, no. that's awful, Mr. Puente. What? Oh. He owns the nuclear power plant. Yeah, I'd like to settle his hash, too."
"Okay, ready.", Homer Simpson said.
"Okay, calm down. Maybe he's talking about Margaret Mead." Lisa Simpson said.
"Sweet vigilant puma. Principal of the mountains.", Seymour Skinner replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "WE'RE GONNA GO OUT FOR BREAKFAST / WE'LL GO OUT TO EAT / IT'LL BE ANY PLACE YOU CHOOSE / AS LONG AS IT'S RUN BY JEWS / 'CAUSE THEY DON'T THINK THIS HOLIDAY'S SO GREAT."
"Well, I need a baby now and I'm not getting any younger!" Bart Simpson replied.
"And it doesn't stop in the bedroom. Oh no, I'm taking charge. Kids, there's three ways to do things -- the right way, the wrong way, and the Max Power way.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Stupid bicycle. Can't believe this. No good, rotten..."
"I'm not convinced.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "While you were out, the gamblers sent up gold-frosted donuts, a chocolate bowling ball, and a fresh pork sandwich."
"What about: being an illiterate TV clown who's still more respected than all the scientists, doctors and educators in the country put together?", Bart Simpson responded.
"All this attention! I feel like a secretary on Administrative Professionals Day!", Marge Simpson replied.
"Ooo... Oo! There's an Azalea festival at the public garden!", Marge Simpson responded.
"For the last few weeks. But most of the time I've known you you've treated me like dirt!", Ned Flanders responded.
"Wrong, lady! Oh wait, the baby." Homer Simpson responded.
"Homer, for God's sakes, let him deliver the baby!", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "Dwight? Are you okay?! Dwight!"
"It was only my imagination.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Oh, good morning, Maude.", Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "Mm-hmm. I'm happy about that. But, I think you can be a good teacher and still respect our privacy."
"Sir, we know you're not an angel. My husband sees too many movies.", Marge Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner said "Got it."
Bart Simpson answered: "Sounds good. Wanna eat my fat?"
Bart Simpson answered "If you get lost remember, you can always find east by staring directly at the sun."
"Stop saying hello!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Flanders, I don't care what this looks like, Bart's gonna mop the floor with your son's ugly butt.", Homer Simpson said.
"Hold it right there!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Well, thank you." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Whaa?"
Ned Flanders answered: "Oh Warren, I know your Dad is in prison, but don't you fret. A special Celebrity Dad has been arranged for ya."
"What are you gonna do?", Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson replied: "I've been called a greasy thug too, and it never stops hurting. So here's what we're gonna do: grease ourselves up real good, and trash that place with a baseball bat."
Homer Simpson: "Stupid Marge tell me to shut up."
"Chloe sure turned out successful.", Marge Simpson replied.
"This is the pinnacle of conversation around here.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Moe's Tavern." Moe Szyslak responded.
"He's a pig who can predict football winners... in advance!" Homer Simpson said.
"When-I-get-a-hold-of-you... oh dammit, I typed an F, not a D. Uh... Delete. Delete. Delete. Delete. Oh crap, I just donated twenty dollars to Haiti!" Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Well, I guess that's everyone. Except earring-boy."
Homer Simpson replied "Ooo."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Well maybe you could reach out to the community and help other people."
Homer Simpson said "I'm doomed!"
"A fresh face!" Homer Simpson said.
"Oh yeah. That's the thing the guys at the drycleaners get so excited about every four years." Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak answered "Ah, the first pour of the day. Let me just tie on my apron, limber up the ol' tap-pullin' arm..."
Marge Simpson said: "And this is for pushing me off the cliff."
"Hmm, perhaps. Tell you what. We come back and everyone's slaughtered, I owe you a coke." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"To Daddy, the real world gets fainter and fainter every day." Homer Simpson responded.
"And now I want you to meet your new brother, Hans Moleman." Homer Simpson answered.
"My spine is not a scratching post!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Fine. Then...", Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "A role model in my very own home. How convenient."
Marge Simpson said "Isn't that skirt a little north of the knee."
Marge Simpson answered "Ho-mer."
"But you got to kill...", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "I mean it, boy."
"The outlet store.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Look, I don't have time for childish games. If I don't do my job, atoms go boom!"
"You're selling what now?", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "No."
"You don't seem very jolly.", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "Stop the wedding!"
Homer Simpson answered "Hey, somebody sign an autograph. Please, somebody!? Sign an autograph. Hey, would you sign... You fat, stupid jerks!"
Bart Simpson answered "'Course, we'll have to cut back on our own homework."
Bart Simpson responded: "Perfect."
Homer Simpson replied "No."
Moe Szyslak responded: "WHA...?!"
Marge Simpson replied: "Homer!"
Bart Simpson said: "I use up all-a my English."
"Bart, you are the meanest, nastiest little boy that ever lived." Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded "Lenny said you were babysitting. And if you are babysitting, why can't you do some at home? I could use a night out."
Homer Simpson replied: "She hit the bottle pretty hard and lost her job."
"I'm needed at the door!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Joe DiMaggio?"
Homer Simpson: "I'll tell you where we're not going: jail."
"This is the last time you'll see that... elevator baby!" Marge Simpson said.
"What does that mean?", Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "Dad, why don't you throw me in the air, and I can see which way is out."
"What about him?" Bart Simpson responded.
"Bartholomew, you don't need him. I can be your schoolyard chum!", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"You're not really talking to me. You're just my overactive imagination.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Well, we'd better do it quick. Because he's making scones!"
"He doesn't care, Mom." Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "You actually did it! You're the coolest, Dad!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Hm. So, should I bring a towel?"
Bart Simpson answered "This isn't bad."
"Does anyone remember when it was considered rude to talk in church?", Ned Flanders said.
Bart Simpson replied "Fine. Put my name first."
"What in God's name are you talking about?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Not perfect?! You can say that again." Bart Simpson responded.
"Well, then you think of something!" Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Oh. My. God. He's telling the truth. I have to take you to our civic leaders."
"Oh, my eyes are burning!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Overstay my welcome for forty years?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, oh... thank God!" Marge Simpson said.
"Watch me dive! Watch me dive! Watch me dive!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "Yi-yo-yu!"
"Woo hoo! Vegas here I come!", Homer Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders answered: "Oh ho, I'm afraid I played a dirty part in this little charade."
Homer Simpson: "Well, well, well... If it isn't Professor Know-it-all. 'Scuse me, Marge."
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Yes. Funny that."
Bart Simpson answered "Hell."
"What do ya think, Lisa?", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Then get married. What the hell do you want from me?!"
Bart Simpson said: "Krusty, you gotta help us."
Moe Szyslak replied: "Well, Homer's gone. Let's all go into our suspended state till he gets back."
Moe Szyslak said: "Good old Carl's phone went straight to voicemail. Again."
Moe Szyslak: "And twenty per cent off everything? Hey, does that include rat spray?"
"Oh for crying out loud...", Marge Simpson answered.
"Homie!", Marge Simpson said.
"Oh Marge, thank God you're back! She made me spend time with the kids. And not just TV time. Talking time!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Please, Homie, I know you can do this." Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "How was detention today, dear?"
"Oh, dang it!", Marge Simpson answered.
"Well, it is good to see you, Chloe. Would you like to come over for dinner tomorrow?", Marge Simpson answered.
"Oh, I see what's goin' on. You can't stand to be around a guy who's got total financial independence.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "I don't think so."
"Chill out, Mom. They gave me this hat.", Bart Simpson replied.
"All done.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "Outside? That's where me and Milhouse played."
"I hear there's a Korean barbeque place where the beef spells out the date of your death.", Bart Simpson said.
"No, not until you earn it. Until then, I will never see you as my equal.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Ah, my gym shorts."
"I'm definitely getting this one. Oh, but I forgot about this one! Oh my God I never even saw this one!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Oh, right. With the giant heads."
"Even the joeys?" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Bart Simpson answered "You haven't seen your dad in years."
Moe Szyslak answered: "He was granting favors to all of his bestest buddies."
"Sorry, but I was planning to stop by the Olympic Pin Center to fill in a few small gaps in my collection. Y'know, just to get me through the day.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"He'll be somewhat missed." Seymour Skinner answered.
"Homer, you sing all the time!" Marge Simpson responded.
"Way to go, Ralph!", Bart Simpson answered.
"Hi, Mom." Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Dad?"
Bart Simpson replied "What did I do?"
Homer Simpson said "Oh Lord, protect this rocket house and all who dwell within the rocket house."
Lisa Simpson said: "Dad, have you looked at this earnings report?"
"Homer, don't look." Marge Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders replied "All right, how's this for a wager? A batch of your wife's delicious blueberry muffins against one of my wife's homemade wind chimes!"
"Quick, Edna! I'll use your purse as a scoop." Seymour Skinner answered.
"No!" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "What kind of hair?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Enfeebled?! Oo, I know just the guy! Be right back."
Homer Simpson answered "I hate the Golden Age of Sail."
"Well, that's all over now. From now on, we will focus solely on important issues.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Yeah, I've got a lot of fond memories." Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "Sorry sis, I've moved on, and my days of listening to my manager are over."
Homer Simpson: "Sounds interesting."
"I see--", Homer Simpson said.
"You left a trail of lost winter clothes.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Are you sure? He's having a growth spurt." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Son, we are about to break the surly bonds of gravity and punch the face of God."
"Will there be beer?", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "Englishwomen don't pump gas naked!"
"Homer?" Marge Simpson said.
"Yeah, yeah, yeah, well, I wish I could help you but we're looking for my brother today. Can you tell me his name?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Lisa, do you think you could check on your father?", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "I sawed you on the television."
Homer Simpson answered: "I told them it was a benefit. They think they're saving the rainforest."
"Oh, shut up, you tub of guts.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Ned Flanders responded "I coulda sworn I just heard someone shriek my name."
Homer Simpson said "Carl spent all our money on this stupid page from a stupid saga."
"Well, children, any questions for Postmaster Bill?" Seymour Skinner said.
"Mmm, good pancakes, Mom." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Hmm, let me think... take my family to a war zone... on a bus filled with religious lame-os... in a country with no pork... in a desert with no casinos... ooh, where do I sign up?"
"Lisa, you're learning many lessons tonight and one of them is to always give your mother the benefit of the doubt." Marge Simpson replied.
"Play with Lisa.", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "So Grampa, not like I'm anxious to go, but I've been here ten minutes, which is like seven hours in kid years..."
"They have malls on land?", Homer Simpson replied.
"I submit! I submit!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Ooh, you love a man!"
"Sorry, I only eat food in bar form. When you concentrate food, you unleash its awesome power, I'm told. That's why I'm compressing five pounds of spaghetti into one handy mouth-sized bar." Homer Simpson replied.
"There's Orion... the Swan...the chariot race..." Seymour Skinner responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Nothing."
"Oh, God." Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders said "Bring it in!"
Ned Flanders responded "Okay, everybody. Let's see some big smiles."
"I don't recall.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Then forget it!"
"Faster! More dangerous!", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Awesome fake-out!"
"But I'm talkin' about Shaft." Bart Simpson responded.
"Well, well, well. If it isn't little Jimmy Pearson. Class of '71 I believe.", Seymour Skinner replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Woo-hoo!"
"Mom, you can't fight that guy." Bart Simpson replied.
"Hey, Banner, how's it hangin'?", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "Hello, sir. Uh... Mr. Herman, did you lose your arm in the war?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Whee! I'm in me! / Oh! / I love the down parts! Here comes!"
Homer Simpson responded "Steady, steady..."
"Wow, all these people are gonna see Dad's show.", Bart Simpson said.
"Huh? Oh." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "It never spins the other way. In the Northern hemisphere, water always drains counter-clockwise. It's called the Coriolis effect."
Marge Simpson said "I guess everyone has a different vision for the perfect world."
"Obnoxious fad?" Bart Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak replied: "Ah Barn, you gotta unwrap the plastic before you smoke these."
Lisa Simpson replied "Now what do we do?"
Moe Szyslak replied "No, this is... Bo's Cavern."
"Mr. Burns. Would you like to come in?" Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "I see the light! It burns!"
Bart Simpson replied: "You missed a spot."
"Homer, you look just like a little boy." Marge Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Books and cocoa in the same store? What's next? A talking banana?"
Marge Simpson replied: "I know you are..."
"Downtown." Bart Simpson replied.
"All day long they tell me stupid, pointless, boring stories, and I have to stand there listening with a phony grin plastered on my face.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "Now remember, Juliet's family is very classy, so be on your best behavior."
Bart Simpson said "Look Dad, it's the drummer from Bread!"
Seymour Skinner answered "A.m. kindergarten made the Bart doll. P.m. kindergarten made the Lisa. The point is, we're not allowed to have you in this building."
Bart Simpson replied "Oh, thanks, man. Whoa, look at the size of this thing. I wonder if it really works."
Marge Simpson replied: "Last night, someone ate all the food in the fridge."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Get outta here!"
Seymour Skinner said "Thank goodness this crisis was averted. Nicely done, Lisa."
Marge Simpson replied: "Well, isn't this nice?"
Moe Szyslak said "All right, from now on, no talkin'. If you want to signal me, use this bird call:"
Lisa Simpson: "I'll be Lisui... the devil-may-care rocket pilot."
"I suppose I do take Maude for granted.", Ned Flanders replied.
Moe Szyslak said: "Yeah, that's right. Me, Mr. Party Pants. So, uh... so don't hold it against Homer, eh?"
"Yeah, sure thing, Lenny." Moe Szyslak replied.
Lisa Simpson responded "I'm afraid the best thing I could find is this."
"Get bent.", Bart Simpson answered.
"You, off the bench." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "But the note was asking you to --"
Bart Simpson answered "Die don't."
"Now kids, in lieu of one of those inflatable jumping things, please welcome Mr. Krusty the Clown!", Homer Simpson replied.
"The whole town is laughing at me behind my back. I guess you're the only real friend I have.", Ned Flanders answered.
"I still don't know why you had that photo enlarged.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Bart! How do you know these things?" Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "How did it go?"
Marge Simpson said "I-I love what you've done with these poles."
"Hey, swabby. You've missed spots there... and another one there... and there... Every other spot is begrimed!", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Bart Simpson answered "You just don't get it. I've made a sacred commitment to the Catholic church, and... paintball! Awesome!"
"Hello? Calling from England? Certainly I can put you on speakerphone.", Seymour Skinner said.
Marge Simpson said: "That's you!"
Ned Flanders said: "What? Why?!"
"The prison snitch is killed! And that could be you! Because you're the prison snitch!", Marge Simpson said.
"Do the line. Just do the line. What's gonna happen to me?" Bart Simpson said.
"You're a little light here, Dad.", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "Stop naming things!"
"Isn't it weird that our parents are giving marital advice? They're always fighting -- if you listen closely, you can hear them arguing right now." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Hey Dad, whatcha doing?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders responded: "I think it's Mom's turn, son."
Marge Simpson answered: "Don't leave now! The next piece is an atonal medley by Philip Glass!"
Homer Simpson: "Ooh, sweet."
"All right, Moses, lead your people." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Maude? Rod? Todd?", Ned Flanders replied.
"Milhouse! Milhouse! You win! I want this nightmare to end!", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Drop that pillow!"
"Well, I'm sorry, I just had my glass of warm milk which means I am closed for business!" Ned Flanders replied.
Lisa Simpson responded "But could Bart have gotten those eggs?"
Homer Simpson: "Rural route 9? That's it! We can hide out at the farm where I grew up!"
"He sexually harassed me." Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Aw, he's trying to eat ewectwicity."
"Hey, Grampa. Stealing Mom's car?", Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "That doesn't sound like bees."
"Look, Dad. I don't know what's going on, but once you gave me some advice that might help.", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "Homer, you can't just keep hanging out with these Colobus monkeys. Somebody's gonna get parasites."
"Hmm... this quaint artist community has gotten a little touristy.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "But church can be fun."
"Catch me, Flanders!", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "Then with your last ounce of strength you pointed to W and S."
"I'll say, Dad. You must really love us to sink so low.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Pretty good, huh?"
Bart Simpson responded "Well, if I may dust off an old chestnut, aye carumba. Aye carumba indeed."
"I don't think you should. Let Lisa be alone with her new friends.", Marge Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders replied: "And Lord, thank you for letting me see this wonderful place where the end of the world will soon begin. And thank you, again, for the challenge of Homer Simpson... we've all got our crosses to bear. Me Homer, you the cross. And now, let me gaze with reverence upon the holy resting place of..."
"Who wants rations?" Lisa Simpson replied.
"GRIM--" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Yeah, and entertainers are always winning elections. Jesse the Body Ventura, Sonny Bono, Gopher from Love Boat, Mary Bono..." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Dad, don't you see you're abusing your power like all vigilantes? I mean, if you're the police, who will police the police?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Wipe the blood off the windshield and get in the car, boy!" Homer Simpson said.
"We're wetting the bed?" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Marge, it's three a.m. and I worked all day!"
"Might as well face it, I'll never find anyone. Come on tide -- take me with ya. I just don't wanna feel no more pain.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"Twister!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Lisa, I want to buy your rock."
Marge Simpson replied "And maybe you'll stop overeating too!"
Marge Simpson responded "Well, it's not just kids using SpringFace -- it's moms like me. Marge!"
Homer Simpson replied "Is there any room in that bed for a dad-burn fool?"
"Aaahhh!" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "I'm gonna be the best car thief ever."
Bart Simpson responded "I had no idea, Dad. I just assumed with all the stranglings, you know..."
Homer Simpson replied "Mojo, will you wipe my mouth?"
Homer Simpson answered "Really, anyone? What about the Hulk riding a rhinoceros? Would you stop him from laughing?"
"Get outta here." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "Come on, everyone's helping."
"Did you steal dolls from my daughter?" Homer Simpson responded.
"He's tough but fair. I'll start sorting these bras." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "C'mon, Marge. We're a team! It's uter-us, not uter-you."
Homer Simpson: "Shake it! Now, roll over on your tummy, just like I taught you."
Bart Simpson replied: "No it hasn't, Dad. That's why we're leaving."
Lisa Simpson answered "... that's right, Homer Simpson."
Marge Simpson answered: "Kids, can I talk to Wayne alone a minute?"
Marge Simpson said: "Homer, we gotta do something! Today he's drinking people's blood, tomorrow he could be smoking!"
"I don't know what the big deal is. I mean, it never bothered any of you that my father's French. You know, Bouvier?", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "What does sequestered mean?"
Homer Simpson responded "stupid..."
Homer Simpson replied "Yeah, right. A baby shot a guy."
"Oh, how precious. The cat's sittin' in my dinner." Moe Szyslak answered.
"Thanks for buying us these toys, Grampa.", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "Sweetheart, maybe you just want Krusty to be alive so badly, you think you see him everywhere. I went through the same thing when Lyndon Johnson died."
Lisa Simpson answered "Oh great, now Hamlet's acting crazy. Well, nobody out-crazies Ophelia! Hey, nonny, nonny, with a hoo and a haw and a nonny, nonny, hey..."
Lisa Simpson responded: "No Bart. Knowledge."
Homer Simpson replied: "Mr. Burns, you brought us a present."
Homer Simpson replied "Well you did. And they got laughs. Solid laughs."
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh yeah, oh sure, it's easy to point out my faults. It's a little harder to shut up."
"My back! There goes my back again!", Homer Simpson responded.
"So when's Grampa getting here to babysit?" Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "I can't get a straight answer out of this crazy hemisphere!"
Bart Simpson: "No fair, Lisa didn't get sick."
"I can't believe it passed.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Let's see how this plays out.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "Hmm, I guess so."
Homer Simpson replied "Oh, great... All right, what makes you say that?"
Bart Simpson answered: "Thanks guys, I um... huh, this collar's feelin' pretty tight."
"Woo hoo!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, you mean Tennessee?" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Well... how are you?"
Marge Simpson replied: "Shhh!"
"How did I get here?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Homer, I think we should go. We're not like these people." Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "Okay, the museum's got to be north of here. Now which way is north...?"
Homer Simpson answered "Why you little..."
Lisa Simpson answered: "This Award is the biggest farce I ever saw."
Homer Simpson answered: "I've got a bone to pick with you! Then, an apology to make. Then, we exchange insurance information. Then, more bone picking!"
"Bart... I haven't been selling the truffles. I've been eating them.", Bart Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders responded "My best friend is a great runner!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Um, there's someone I forgot to thank, and he's here tonight. Krusty, will you come up on stage, please?"
Lisa Simpson said: "Milhouse, don't you see... you're addicted to revenge."
"You may pick the bikes up in Utility Basement B." Seymour Skinner said.
C. Montgomery Burns: "I've been expecting this day for thirty years. In a way, it's a relief. But in another way, it's most unwelcome."
"Finally, we're gettin' somewhere.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Which one do you want?", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "Wow Mom, great red dress!"
Homer Simpson answered "Hm. I never thought of fatherhood as something that could affect a kid."
Marge Simpson answered: "In-ground?"
Homer Simpson replied "Who? Lady, you got the wrong file."
"It was a beautiful wedding. I've never seen Selma happier." Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "And before he broke his jaw, he never listened, but now he takes to heart everything I say."
Lisa Simpson said "Wow, Krishna Krisps, Amazonkers, Lollapalollipops -- these sound like my kind of snacks..."
"Why don't you file a class-action suit?", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "Dwight, do something!"
Lisa Simpson said "Don't call me honey pie."
Bart Simpson said: "Awesome! How's he getting around?"
Homer Simpson said "Dear Marge, XXX. Homer."
"Serves you little punks right. Maybe next time you'll think befo--" Homer Simpson responded.
"Off the list!" Seymour Skinner replied.
"Now we're going to leave this place. I'm sorry, Bart -- I know you've made a bug-out camp girlfriend...", Homer Simpson said.
"What's wrong?", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "I'd like to be alone, please."
"Oh hi, Homie." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Well, I can't compete with that!"
"Marge-bot! I'm ready for some lovin'!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "It is. It is. But first let me introduce you to my family. My perfect family."
Homer Simpson answered: "Can't we just all supervise ourselves?"
"Well, we're going to the beauty parlor. Maybe you should do something with the kids while I'm gone.", Marge Simpson answered.
"YEAH! Damn right!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Wah-neh! Wah-neh!", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Well, going to France sounds like a fantastic opportunity, but I think Bart should have a say in this."
Homer Simpson answered "And she's ready for a night of anonymous sex with multiple partners."
Homer Simpson answered "He has no friends."
Marge Simpson responded "Kids, your father and I are going through a really tough time right now. And I don't know what's going to happen, but just remember that both your mom and your dad love you very very much."
Homer Simpson replied "Y'know, I used to have this friend... I told him all my dreams. Really, really great kid."
C. Montgomery Burns said "Charity, eh? Yes, I'd be more than happy to..."
Lisa Simpson answered "Pong!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Beat it, ducks! I'm not old enough to have food for you! I'm sexy! Young and sexy!"
Lisa Simpson replied "Then why did you want to be with me?"
"Homer! Dual incomes, no kids at two o'clock!", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "Good night, Laughlin!"
"Milking room? I hope you cows are decent.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "Our tandem bicycle! When I bought it, you said you'd ride with me."
"That doesn't make any sense.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Homie?" Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "Have you noticed any change in Bart?"
"No." Marge Simpson answered.
"That's him!" Lisa Simpson said.
"What's wrong?", Marge Simpson replied.
"If you need me, I'll be in the refrigerator." Homer Simpson answered.
"Huh?", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "It better have."
"Mom!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Hmmm. Guess he didn't see me.", Homer Simpson answered.
"How you feeling, sweetie?" Marge Simpson said.
"Yentl? Whuzzat?", Homer Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns: "Do you know this baby once out-raced the Flying Finn, Paavo Nurmi?"
Marge Simpson said: "Take me home, Artie."
Marge Simpson replied: "I didn't."
"Mom, I have to get to school. It's ten to three!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"And the Cosby Mysteries! That show had limitless possibilities!" Homer Simpson replied.
"You're gonna make me give up Princess?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Hot damn, I won! Marge, I swear I'll be the best man you ever had. It's gonna be all flowers and back rubs and how-was-your-day dear and--", Moe Szyslak answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "Dad, did you read all these books today?"
Bart Simpson replied: "I carumba? Not so loud! If my Dad hears about the show, he might realize Mr. Fatso is him!"
Homer Simpson replied "Ooh, your blue thing with the things?"
Marge Simpson replied: "Y'know Bart, I don't think this is such a bad present. Maybe you just shouldn't talk into it as loud as your father does."
"Good news, Lisa. I don't need your mother anymore. I've created a replacement that's superior to her in almost every way." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Yeah..."
"Can you see the pie stains?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "So that wasn't Marge's glider parked outside the motel five years ago! I'm getting out of this marriage while I'm still young and handsome."
Bart Simpson said "Yes!"
Marge Simpson said: "You can't fire me just because I'm married. I'm going to sue the pants off you."
Homer Simpson answered "Please, please, please, please, please..."
Ned Flanders said: "Hey Homer, Ya know, I owe you one, buddy. No sooner had I shaved off the old cookie duster, than a lady cast me in a commercial."
"What the hell are you doing here?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Who's Mason Fairbanks?" Homer Simpson responded.
"What the--? Change the channel? But I'm watching soft-core tennis!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, the rubiest. Ooh look! A new restaurant chain!" Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Oh, stop."
Marge Simpson answered "Then how 'about going as Florida? You enjoy orange juice, and old people like you."
Lisa Simpson responded "You're our hero!"
"We've been betrayed -- by good ol' Carl!", Moe Szyslak replied.
Marge Simpson said "He forgets birthdays, anniversaries, holidays -- both religious and secular -- he chews with his mouth open, he gambles, he hangs out at a seedy bar with bums and lowlifes..."
Bart Simpson replied: "Can I keep this?"
Homer Simpson answered "Honey, did you get any sleep?"
Marge Simpson said "Homer, we agreed we'd discuss the medication with Bart."
"I couldn't tell you how many hours. It was a labor of love. It's my homage to some American heroes who may not have fought in any wars, but who nevertheless...", Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said: "Hugh didn't have a bachelor party."
Marge Simpson responded "Nope."
"It's too small to read.", Homer Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders answered "Dear Lord. That's the loudest profanity I've ever heard."
Marge Simpson replied "Oh, look at all that Sweet N' Low."
Lisa Simpson answered "Wow, a quarter past six. What's keeping Dad?"
"Please the hobo. Please the hobo. Please the hobo.", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "See? I hate me too! Now we can be friends again!"
"Well, I have some ideas for ways we can improve the classroom experience.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Don't worry Lisa, I've got the answer to your problems right here."
Homer Simpson replied: "Do you have a computer?"
Homer Simpson: "Sometimes you want to work?"
"What?! What?!" Seymour Skinner replied.
"You mean he's selling hot tubs?", Bart Simpson said.
"Fly, Segway! Fly!", Homer Simpson said.
"Aw, honey, you're not a monster.", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded "These other dishes look so pretty. And those cheaters blackened my sugar wieners. I'd like to give those Betty Crookeds a taste of their own medicine. Yes... medicine."
"It's been a rough patch, man. Hope you got something to cheer me up." Bart Simpson said.
"My God, they're naked!", Seymour Skinner replied.
"His drool! It's warm! He's alive! Homer, Homer, wake up, you're alive!" Marge Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner responded "Okay, Bart. This is where it ends. Relinquish the lizards."
"Mom, stop! This is our thing, not yours!" Lisa Simpson said.
"I can't believe we have to start another year of school. I never learned anything at that suck shack.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Come on, pony up, Flanders. The kid's not turning tricks for nothin'."
"Looks like I didn't need the keys after all. I'll take the masterpieces, thank you.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Lisa Simpson said: "Your toy company is evil."
"Artie, get off of me.", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "We all are, dear. Your father says there's nothing to worry about."
Lisa Simpson said "And because you're poor, so you don't feel like you're good enough."
"Without me? How'd you get there?" Marge Simpson said.
"I know, I know. Just tune her out.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "Dogs! Chief, you're getting powdered sugar all over my floor!"
Marge Simpson said: "Pride?"
"See, Lisa. We're making progress.", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "I'll handle this."
Bart Simpson said "Whatcha doin', Dad?"
"No.", Homer Simpson answered.
"You like my idea? Actually, I have several others...", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Yeah, that's how fast Grampa is shrinking."
"However, federal law requires I keep one union worker on the payroll. So congratulations, whoever catches this bouquet." C. Montgomery Burns said.
Marge Simpson replied: "I don't think so."
"I'm dying! And there's Heaven. But who's that? Confucius? And Milton Berle? Boy, have I been barkin' up the wrong tree." Ned Flanders responded.
Moe Szyslak replied: "Oh, Marge told me. We share everything."
"Worked for the Carter administration?", Marge Simpson replied.
"Can I go again?", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Flanders, I don't judge a robot by the color of their eyes. I look at their hands, which have turned into buzz saws."
"This alley looks dangerous. I'd better turn my ring around." Marge Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner: "I'm peeling off the back..."
"Hey, what's hap--", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Guys!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"ANGLE ON: GREETING CARD", Homer Simpson said.
"Former President Gerald Ford? Put 'er there! I'm Homer Simpson.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Uh-huh." Marge Simpson replied.
"I can name ten things! I... I made sloppy Joes...", Marge Simpson replied.
"You don't get to relax till you get to the bottom of this homework stack.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "I guess it's just too much for me to ask for one vacation where we don't go to jail or to a condo sales pitch."
"Hey, Hibachi head. How're you gonna pay for that?" Moe Szyslak responded.
Seymour Skinner answered: "Now, I've gotta slash 40 percent out of the budget."
Bart Simpson: "Dad, I loved it, too, but it was seven years ago."
Homer Simpson answered: "Hey, guys."
Lisa Simpson replied "Wow! How long has the TV been out?"
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Creatures from another galaxy!"
"They replaced cigarettes as our currency.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "That's alien talk!"
Ned Flanders responded: "When I was putting new insulation in your attic, I slipped on this lamp and really banged my head."
Marge Simpson replied: "The toilet seat's up!"
Homer Simpson answered "That old Flanders place gives me the creeps."
Lisa Simpson: "Mulberry Island. We'll kiss there at sunset."
Marge Simpson answered "Is that Windex?"
Lisa Simpson answered "Happy New Year!"
Bart Simpson replied "Dad, I've gotta write a report on the Great Lakes."
Marge Simpson answered: "You're not done. I want you to throw away these old calendars and TV Guides."
"It's Moe with wings!", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Are you?"
"Soon, Corey, soon." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Let's play a game: who gets to carry the chosen one?" Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "Nothing."
"Oh, that must be the babysitter." Marge Simpson said.
"There's a Winter Olympics?" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "I give up. I don't deserve to live with you."
"Don't worry, Marge'll fix everything." Homer Simpson responded.
"Well, I really enjoyed my time here, Superintendent. May the Lord bless and keep you.", Ned Flanders replied.
"Right, Mr. Goofball." Homer Simpson said.
"I'm not driving forty-five minutes a day! You can't go to that school!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Your father's finally gonna get exposed as the credit-stealing fraud he is!", Marge Simpson said.
"The train, how like him... traditional, yet environmentally sound.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Yes, but then I learned that there's always hope. Someday this war will be over. Someday our Mom will be back.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Wow!"
"Milhouse! I am defending you!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Don't worry, Dad. You'll do great." Bart Simpson answered.
"Groundskeeper Willie saved you, Homer." Marge Simpson said.
"Y'know -- I think Bart might have too much homework. If they keep overwhelming him, he might be turned off school forever.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "It should be Gary Oldman!"
Marge Simpson: "Oh... Oh... Unng... Oh, Bart."
"I'm just gonna take off now. I'm sure you have a lot of calls to make..." Bart Simpson replied.
"Hey Martin, tell him what we do with squealers.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Yes, dear. In your mind." Marge Simpson said.
"Hey Pierce, how'd you know our favorite foods?", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Listen Marge... I've been wondering all these years, what is it about me that you find so irresistible? Let's face it... you could do better."
"Marge!" Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "Not a good time!"
"Bart, get out of there!" Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "Aren't you going to give him the last rites?"
"Boy must die." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "No, no, no, no, you'll get sap on your duelling blouse."
Homer Simpson replied "What?"
Marge Simpson responded "I'll get some at the store tomorrow, Homer."
Marge Simpson answered: "It's impossible. I killed you."
"Wow. At last, my pathetic little life has a meaning. You suckers, I would have done it for free!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Yes, exactly! No, no! I mean, the whole incident is hazy." Homer Simpson replied.
"You're talking about a trough! We're not going to eat from a trough! And another thing -- it's only 5:15. Why are you in your underwear?" Marge Simpson answered.
"I'm warning you! You are making a very powerful temporary enemy!", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson said "Oh, here we go."
"'Bout time!", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "Bart! You cast the wrong spell! Zombies!"
Lisa Simpson: "That's a hermit crab. When she outgrows her old shell, she finds a new one that's a better fit."
"You're right. But you know who the real victim is here? Ned.", Homer Simpson said.
"Boycott Funzo. He's a toy-killing machine!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"I'm sorry. I guess watching me isn't any more exciting than being me." Homer Simpson answered.
"But Lis, when this book comes out, you'll be beloved! Not just by Milhouses, you'll get attention from Jacksons, Xanders -- even Aidens!", Bart Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner replied: "I may be bifurcated, but I still have feelings."
Homer Simpson replied "More. Mmmm."
Homer Simpson responded "All right. We'll try it your way."
"He shoots, he scores!" C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Yeah, he's somethin' else, all right." Homer Simpson said.
"Oh good, she's playing." Bart Simpson said.
"It got sold." Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "Look, to get our dog back, we need a plan."
"But ... The ball... His groin!... It works on so many levels! Roll it again." Homer Simpson said.
"Oh my God!", Homer Simpson answered.
"You are absolutely, positively the dumbest haunted love tester that I have ever met!" Moe Szyslak responded.
"Yes! Yes!" Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Phht, that's just an old wives tale."
"That's bull man.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Homer! I've always said you were a good father. I've always defended you when people put you down." Marge Simpson replied.
"Wow. Wow. God does so much for me. And he doesn't ask anything in return.", Homer Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders said "Yeah, well, maybe I'll call you again."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Mom, you've been cooking all night?"
Bart Simpson said "Good guy..."
"Oh my gosh. It's the mascot from the 1924 games in Chamonix!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Well, Howdilly doodilly neighbors. Shouldn't you be in your sheltereenees by now?" Ned Flanders responded.
Bart Simpson answered "I'm using your unfinished novel!"
Homer Simpson replied "I am so excited I couldn't fall asleep! I even took some pills I found on the floor and still nothing!"
Homer Simpson: "We're gonna go out and par-ty!"
"It's tomato soup served ice cold!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Come on, Dad. Didn't you ever do anything wild when you were a kid?", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Why you little... why you little... why you little... why you little... why you little..."
"Get him!" Homer Simpson said.
"Well, maybe just a little." Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "They're having a great time and I'm stuck in here."
"If this works, I'll go faster than any ten-year-old has ever gone." Bart Simpson replied.
"Whoops. Bart and I have to go wash up." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Hey, Mag. Raggedy Andy over there has been giving you the button-eye. I'll get rid of him. All right, come on. Out you go." Moe Szyslak said.
"Fifty-six million!" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Holy water? It's holy water, right?!" Moe Szyslak said.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Heh-heh-heh! Well, that's game! Hasta manana, Osvaldo!"
Marge Simpson responded: "Lisa, I hope you realize that your father can't keep this up."
"I won't get tired of him!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "Well, you're not perfect either!"
Bart Simpson answered "Here you go, doll face."
"Okay. Your wish is my command, my little..." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "Two-fifty-six?"
Bart Simpson answered: "HE'S A COMPLICATED MAN BUT NO ONE UNDERSTANDS HIM BUT HIS WOMAN."
Homer Simpson answered "Aw, that's my girl. I love you, Marjorie."
"Yes, for us. But not for Lisa! Never for Lisa. We're going to help her make friends.", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "Aren't you smart. Let's try another one... A little harder this time."
"So you're just going to pay lip service to our church?" Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "Homer, are all these pockets necessary?"
Bart Simpson said: "Oh, don't look so shocked."
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Oh, and one more thing. You must find the jade monkey before the next full moon."
"What?", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "How can we forget? Mom says now we can't afford to go to the orthodontist."
Lisa Simpson answered "Milhouse, are you okay?"
"Don't listen to them, Maggie. Maggie?", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "But I wanna!"
Marge Simpson said: "I always keep one near the bed for you."
"Well, sir, it looks like your Dad is a quotable notable.", Ned Flanders answered.
Bart Simpson said: "Okay, right after dinner, it's down to business."
"Nancy Drew says that all you need to solve a mystery is an inquisitive temperament and two good friends. And I've got an inquisitive temperament! Maybe I could help solve this!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Look, Lisa. I put new filaments in all our burned-out light bulbs. Your father the millionaire thought we should throw these away."
"No idea. The important thing is that they did.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "IF YOU DESPISE POLITE LEFT-HANDERS..."
Ned Flanders said: "Well, you know they're not givin' 'em away. But sometimes you've just got to spoil yourself."
Homer Simpson said "Hey, what's the big deal? It's just some new guy moving in!"
Homer Simpson said: "Well, it's not quite a mop, and it's not quite a puppet, but, man... So to answer your question, I don't know."
"Lisa... Lisa...", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Wait a minute. Let's see what the kids are up to."
Moe Szyslak said "Yeah. Now get out there and spread that message to the people!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Nooooo!"
"This should be in a museum." Lisa Simpson answered.
"I feel it! I feel the love coursing through my vein!" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Okay. Let's make some fireworks." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "I prefer to listen to Cheap Trick."
"Lisa and I want to finance a series of animated cartoons." Bart Simpson responded.
"All is lost... Angelica uses the spell she learned in chapter six... Magic, magic, magic... All is won!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Howdilly-doodilly.", Ned Flanders responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "I'm sorry, the baby's name will be Kool Moe Dee Simpson."
Homer Simpson replied: "Maybe I was a little hard on him. Oh, well. Bart, I know a father has no right to pry into the life of his ten-year-old son. But what's going on up here?"
"Bart! The Winfields didn't have a son.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Guess so.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Money is for the poor." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Here it is. The Holy Ooze.", Ned Flanders responded.
"It started appropriately enough with an innocent boy being embarrassed on Valentine's Day..." Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "I cut off my husband's thumb!"
"Hey -- you licked the back! That was my side!" Bart Simpson said.
"Martin Prince was known by many names: Martin Priss, Martin Princess, Fartin' Prince, Martin the Brown-Nosed Reindeer..." Seymour Skinner said.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "I said, hop in."
Lisa Simpson said: "Dad, those are just the names of the quizzes. You're supposed to open the magazine."
"Maggie loves baby talk." Marge Simpson said.
"Okay, that's it! I'm putting a baby-gate across the black hole, and don't throw anything more into it! Uh-oh, yes, Homer." Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "I'm sorry, Lisa."
"Smithers, I believe this dog was in Skull and Bones.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"You see, sweetie, when a mommy and a daddy are married for years and have nothing new to talk about, they bad-mouth their closest friends." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered "I don't know Bart. This is one of those... Arkham Asylum-type hospitals."
Bart Simpson answered "Huh?... S'matter?"
Lisa Simpson responded "You're a witness? Bart, you have to tell the police."
"I don't think they're giving you enough information, Dad.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Hmm, Lisa, I don't want to alarm you, but I'm not finding any." Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "I've really gotta get dinner started..."
"Yeah, I haven't decided what kind of new car to get.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Hi, son. Howya... ewww."
Bart Simpson responded: "Hey, everybody, vote for my Dad, Homer Simpson. If you don't he'll beat us."
Bart Simpson said: "C'mon, I'd be an awesome big brother! I've got videogames! A treehouse! A garage stuffed to the rafters with illegal fireworks!"
"All right, take it easy. Take it easy. I'm just saying you ain't no, uh, Tommy Tune." Moe Szyslak replied.
"Gentlemen, it's just a small school carnival." Seymour Skinner said.
"Underpants.", Marge Simpson responded.
"All the bees are dead!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "You used to be a boxer just like me?"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Mom, what will we do if Santa's Little Helper doesn't learn anything in obedience school?"
"Why are you so cruel?", Homer Simpson said.
"Can you believe it? And he's even tutoring a little Navajo boy." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "The kids are away and Maggie's napping..."
"You're sneakin' out to fight that bear. I wanna go too." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "I am a robot. Do what I say."
"Me! / I would! /" Lisa Simpson responded.
"I just don't understand the world of grownups.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Hm, not a drop in the house. What do you know?"
Marge Simpson replied "All right! I admit it -- they're both at the Catholic Church! Reverend, what should I do?"
Homer Simpson responded: "That's right."
"Who is this?", Marge Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak replied: "Oh, absolutely. My favorite team's in it: the Atlanta Falcons . Yeah, ever since I was a boy, I've always loved the Atlanta Falcons ."
Homer Simpson answered "Marge, look at all this great stuff I found at the marina! It was just sitting in some guy's boat!"
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Yes! That's the kind of moxie I'm looking for. You're hired!"
"Then what's this?", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "So you lost my car, eh? Well, that's just grand. I ought to punch you in the nose, but I have to pick up my kids at school."
"Hi, my name is Lisa Simpson.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Yeah! Woo! Woo! Yeah!"
Homer Simpson answered: "All right. But I'll never shop here again."
Homer Simpson answered "See because of me, now they have a warning."
"One... more... time! HELLO MA BABY... HELLO MA HONEY... HELLO MY RAGTIME GAL. DOUBLETIME, NOW. SEND ME A KISS BY WIRE...", Seymour Skinner responded.
Bart Simpson: "Ask about the safe. No, better yet, act like you know about the safe."
"I'd like to help you, Chief, but my license was revoked. Seems I'm full of rage.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Big deal. I didn't even get my kid's belt back. The only thing a loser like me is good for is taking beatings."
"No." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "I've already forgotten his name. It was Larsen something, right?"
"I'm Bart Simpson, who the hell are you?" Bart Simpson replied.
"That imposter!", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "You don't know where Carl is from?"
"Really?" Homer Simpson said.
"Isn't this great, Marge? We're like Jiminy Cricket for the whole ding-dang town. A half-man, half-bug that knows what's best for everybody. Um-hm." Ned Flanders replied.
"Judge, sidebar?" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Somebody kill me."
Marge Simpson responded: "Ooh. There's the turn!"
Homer Simpson replied "Like getting Washington's birthday and Lincoln's birthday back as separate paid holidays. President's Day! Pfft. What a rip-off! I bust my butt day in and day out --"
Bart Simpson replied "Oh, this is so humiliating... I feel like such a geek."
Homer Simpson replied "To old man Burns, who's paying us to drink because we're embarrassing!"
"Six cups, please. And put it on my tab.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Die! Die!", Homer Simpson answered.
"I don't know. Maybe we flew through a rainbow." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "I'm a little tired."
"Well, I'm going to write the dictionary people and have that checked. It feels like a mistake to me." Marge Simpson replied.
"We better call Ned. He has a ladder.", Marge Simpson responded.
"You'd think someone would have seen something at a crowded party like that.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Give it to me! / I can imagine it. / Give me the gun! /"
"Bye Bart! I love you, Lisa! Sleep tight, Maggie! Today's the last day you can eat the yogurt in the fridge!", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Not those peanuts. The ones at the bottom."
"Say, Rainier, you're in show business. Would you mind taking a look at this screenplay I wrote?", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "We can't. He's not in a kennel. I gave him away, too, and I don't know where he is."
Homer Simpson responded: "Uh... this is my lunch."
Homer Simpson said: "This life is the greatest. I get paid a fortune, I've got a closet full of free sneakers and watches, and I get to hire my friends."
Homer Simpson responded "THAT KWIK-E-MART'S A REAL... ."
"Cleaning up before the housekeeper comes." Marge Simpson said.
"Come here, boy." Homer Simpson responded.
"Mmm. Gratzi." Homer Simpson replied.
"If you think that makes me a better musher, you're wrong. Wait a second...", Bart Simpson responded.
"Ladies. Marge, is there a small rip in my pants?", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "You know about I.M. Pei? I.M. impressed."
Homer Simpson responded "Wow, my concert going jacket still fits. And this is where I used to hide my beer."
Marge Simpson: "Bart's not home yet, but I'm always looking to encourage non-Milhouse play-dates. Stick around!"
"The doctor called me about all the crazy surgeries you wanted. And I said no. But I did have him unstaple your stomach and turn you back into the sweet man I love." Marge Simpson said.
"When you're older." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, we're gonna have a lot to talk about at your three o'clock."
Bart Simpson responded "Thanks for driving us back to town."
Homer Simpson responded "Ah. Say no more."
"So Lenny, how's it goin' in Vegas? Pretty boring, I'll bet." Homer Simpson said.
"I'll show you! I'll write a book myself! A personal story my readers will connect with!" Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "Well sweetie, if it's that important to you, I guess we can try."
Homer Simpson responded: "Eww, thanks for sharing!"
"Now coach, I've tried to be Christian and respectful, but I guess I'm just gonna have to point out your two hundred thousand dollar check bounced. Legally, I still own this house." Ned Flanders said.
"Ah, you're busy. Catch you later, compu-tater.", Ned Flanders answered.
"Well, I guess I was just on a roll.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Ack!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Damage waiver, check. Return with full tank of gas, check." Moe Szyslak answered.
"Yes, mother." Seymour Skinner answered.
"Shelter?", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "You're right, you're right. Fifty spaceships, beamed us aboard. They gang-probed you, while I discovered an invention that blew their heads up and saved America."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Well, let's see what I've packed for myself today. One bouillon cube, one concord grape, one Philly cheesesteak, and a jar of garlic pickles. No one will want to kiss me after these, eh, Smithers?"
"Oh, the hippo's missing..." Marge Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner said "Why don't we continue this in pool supplies."
"And I kept that vow." Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh you know... 1754, the famous defeat to the French..." Bart Simpson answered.
"Well, what do you kids think of the real me?", Marge Simpson answered.
"That's what you said about yellow fever, and that was no fun.", Marge Simpson answered.
"It's not fair! I've been a fan of the Who since the very beginning, when they were the Hillbilly Bugger Boys." Homer Simpson answered.
"Dad, the Oogle street camera's driving around town today. Wanna go moon it with me?", Bart Simpson replied.
"All right." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "It's a tragedy, a real tragedy. I mean, what kind of tramp gets knocked up before she's even married?"
Moe Szyslak answered: "Very nice. Well all's well that ends well, huh?"
Bart Simpson responded "More."
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Wait for Oatmeal!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "I think so."
Lisa Simpson replied "Well, maybe a little. But I'd never break the rules."
Bart Simpson responded "It unraveled on a nail."
"Maybe we should be listening to him now." Bart Simpson answered.
"Hello, I'm Homer. I'll be your customer.", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "You know, Bart, just because Diggs is a little different doesn't mean he's not a good person."
"We wanna hear a story!" Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "Krus-tyyyyyy! Hey, a note."
Homer Simpson replied "If we pass Proposition 24, we'll be losing some of the truest Americans of all."
"This is it... I finally get to accept an award for my movie...except it's not just my movie. It was my sister's idea to make this into a short. And so many animators... every day was somebody's birthday. And you know what? It was my Dad's movie too. I only wish he were here and not at Cerritos Auto Square." Bart Simpson responded.
"Okay, enough theory.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Ho-mer." Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Wow!"
Homer Simpson: "Come on, come on, come on. Start, damn you. Start!"
"Well, if quitting is the best, maybe I should just quit my job.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "How 'bout Judaism? When you turn thirteen, cha-ching."
"Okay, you pick one out and I'll punch it to death." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Woo woo! Two forty nine! Yeah!"
Lisa Simpson responded "Female carrier, Bart."
"I still smell it!" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "I shouldn't be here, I was framed!"
"Oh, thanks...", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "Well, we've learned if you don't like something, just go to the office and complain. What's our next stop?"
Seymour Skinner replied: "SHE MIGHT!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Yeah, me too. Let me know if you need any help."
Marge Simpson replied "I guess I'll have to do all your driving chores. That's what a good wife does -- picks up the slack."
Homer Simpson responded "Seriously, do you have my money?"
Homer Simpson: "Yeah, but..."
"Don't worry, boy, another girder always swings in for you to walk on right when you get to the end." Homer Simpson said.
"So, uh, I s'pose you guys are still wonderin' why I'm cleanin' the bar.", Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson answered: "You banged?"
"And I suppose those wedding guests will also pay for dishwashing liquid, heated water, and two-sided sponges?", Seymour Skinner said.
Bart Simpson responded "Rabbi Rudenstein. Your father's favorite."
"Woo hoo! What's next? A contract with Groove-tone Records? Take the G-train, baby. Groove-tone!", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded "Can't breathe... someone dangle some string!"
Bart Simpson answered: "I can't bail on a friend, even if it is Ralph."
"Objection! Unhealthy!", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Marge, it's the perfect exercise. It'll double the value of our house. And it was free. FREEEE!!"
Homer Simpson replied "You got it, sweetheart. You have enough blanket there?"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Dad, are you all right?"
"He's a liar!" Seymour Skinner said.
"What's wrong, Homie?", Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "My uncle died in your bed. Merry Christmas."
"Hey, yeah! Who are you? I saw you chasing Bart's ambulance...", Homer Simpson said.
"Aren't you going to drink?", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Uh. I'd better just put it down."
"And you have to cut these up first. Otherwise animals get caught in them.", Lisa Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "In any event, much as what formerly was my kidney is now my heart, I've decided to promote from within. One of you will get the job. But which one?..."
Bart Simpson replied: "So you're saying I should keep trying?"
"Also, I didn't want to tell you, but... that wife and her gang looked down on me because I don't breastfeed!" Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Yes. But they're my own original creation."
"You'd make up any lie for that Simpson boy, wouldn't you?", Seymour Skinner replied.
"Heyyy, how 'bout that? Ha, ha." Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner said: "Finally, in nineteen ninety-two, I was reunited with that chair. It wasn't quite the same."
"Lisa's face?" Bart Simpson answered.
"Hey, this really works.", Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded "It smells like the art teacher's office."
"I guess I am an embarrassment.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Oh, I know! But how can I undo eight years of jerkiness in two easy sessions at no cost to me?", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "Hmm, maybe it still works. Gimme the newlyweds from that cake."
"But I have to save them! The books no one buys get chopped up and fed to pigs.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "How could you spend four point six million dollars in a month?"
"Ah. Well, you do have a present under the tree. I guess no one told Santa you were a Buddhist." Marge Simpson answered.
"At Lenny? But he's a war hero!", Homer Simpson said.
"Yeah. Sit down, Homer.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Voop! Voop! Voop! Voop!" Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "But fortune ended up smiling on me while snuffing the life from my siblings."
"Taking-Bart-across-state-lines-Back-soon.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Quit changing the subject. How do you feel about me right now?"
C. Montgomery Burns said "What the deuce? Sarcastic clapping?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Goodbye, fat me."
"The Deer Hunter? Uh... hah... That reminds me." Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson: "If there's anything more exquisite than Queen Anne's lace, I haven't found it."
"Wellll, you could always move into my house, and tell your mom that Marge is your wife.", Homer Simpson said.
"What time's the show on?" Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "We've gotta get home before someone sees us."
Homer Simpson answered "Oh my God, I've only got nine seconds till Marge's show!"
Marge Simpson replied: "Oh, hello, Agnes."
Bart Simpson answered "We're on food stamps?"
Bart Simpson replied: "Well, you did disappear a lot, but I have gone whole summers without seeing you."
Lisa Simpson replied "Say, Mr. Hat, I don't mean to complain, but you promised us candy, not mayhem and pain."
"When?!" Homer Simpson answered.
"...dislocating Fosse's shoulder in a meaningless game..." Homer Simpson answered.
"We're just browsing, thank you.", Marge Simpson answered.
"No." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Uh-oh."
"Outrageous.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Look, Marge! A restaurant owned by celebrities! I always wanted to be a celebrity!"
Bart Simpson responded "Can we?"
Bart Simpson said "How much did this cost to restage?"
Lisa Simpson said: "Ballet is unnatural and unfair to women. I shall now cast off the shoes of oppression!"
Homer Simpson responded "What do you mean you lost him?! He might have fallen into one of these machines!"
"They're with God now.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Who's Fonzie?! Don't they teach you anything in school? He freed the squares."
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Well then, get back to wherever it is you work, whoever you are."
Lisa Simpson said: "Hey, Mr. Flanders, what'd you get?"
Bart Simpson: "This is Bart Simpson. Can I help you, Ma'am?"
"Marge, if you don't mind, I'm a little busy right now achieving financial independence.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "Dad! The sharks must think you're a baby whale!"
"Watch me drive a golf ball off the bow!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Hey, fellas! My hearing's back.", Bart Simpson said.
"...and murder and swears and brains and basements..." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "She's not coming anymore."
"Nuh-uh!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Can't I just stick it in Skinner's Sloppy Joe?" Bart Simpson said.
"Wait. I see what's happening here. You're just mad because everyone in this town loves gambling except for you. Well, that's just sad.", Homer Simpson answered.
"I think they're giving up.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Well, back to the drawing board."
Homer Simpson replied "Uh-oh. If you've got that, then..."
"Oh, stop. Just stop. You don't care about anyone else's happiness but your own!", Marge Simpson responded.
"Kids don't deliver newspapers anymore. It's just creeps in trucks.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Look, I let you down and I apologize. I know that doesn't make it right, but I hope you can find it in your heart to forgive me."
"Cool! I'm vomit.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Well, well, well."
Homer Simpson replied: "I never even got to realize this jacket was too small."
"This sucks. It's time to punch outta this yawn factory. I'm going to Nelson's." Bart Simpson replied.
"There you are! Thought you could get away, huh?", Homer Simpson responded.
"...don't look at that...", Homer Simpson replied.
"Wow!" Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "I'm here to deliver a package to Marge Simpson."
"Ohhhh.", Moe Szyslak replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "Hey, what smells so good?"
"Ping!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Is Martin working for Jimbo?!", Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "For your information, I am now a junior member of the Cheery Red Tomatoes."
Homer Simpson said: "But they're so sweet."
"I'm not a bad guy. I work hard and I love my kids. So why should I spend half my Sunday hearing about how I'm going to hell?" Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded: "Can I have one hour of grownup time where you two aren't tattling on each other or using obscure references?"
Marge Simpson: "Are you sure someone hasn't been bitten by the jealousy bug?"
"You can't enjoy money when you're dead, so why not have fun now?" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "This counts as a parent-teacher conference!"
Lisa Simpson said "Buzz off."
Homer Simpson said "Hm, honey, you've given me a lot to think about... tomorrow, when we're on Daddy's boat!"
"I'm fine with rough.", Lisa Simpson said.
"That's right! I just found my gumption, and I like it!" Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Isn't this dangerous?"
Homer Simpson said: "Marge, how can anyone be mad at himself? It's impossible. Watch."
Bart Simpson said: "Oh no! Lisa's face... it's the same!"
Homer Simpson replied "I'm a people person. Who drinks."
"I didn't do it!", Bart Simpson answered.
"You're darn right you are! And you've got lots of other great qualities, too." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "I'm in!"
Homer Simpson: "To Amber... who proves there are seconds in the buffet of life."
Marge Simpson said: "Oh, it's okay, Homie. The bee's all gone."
"Ssshh! They'll know you're in there!", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "Goodbye, my love!"
Lisa Simpson responded "No, Dad. You promised if Bart and I got C averages we could go to Kamp Krusty. And with no false modesty, you're looking at one happy camper."
Bart Simpson replied: "Uh-uh."
Bart Simpson responded: "Cool."
Bart Simpson responded "Let it go."
Homer Simpson: "Way down here?"
"Yeah, he appeared before me in a dream, and I knew that was special 'cause I usually dream about naked... Marge.", Homer Simpson said.
"Is that him, getting the text?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Quit it! Knock it off! Stop it! Dad, this isn't funny!" Bart Simpson said.
"Please Dad." Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded: "...Greedy!"
"No way. When?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, Marge. How could you let me let myself go like this?" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "David, you're by far the best son I've ever had. Uh-oh."
Homer Simpson answered "Thank you. Thank you. Remember, my dog up and died. Thank you."
Homer Simpson responded: "Everyone! My stupid male pride made me lie to you. Everything I claiiimed I did was actually built by Maaarge!"
"You don't understand, Marge. The lottery is the one ray of hope in my otherwise unbearable life. Uh, the lottery and you.", Homer Simpson responded.
"We've left Earth's atmosphere!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"How would he know Grampa was going to die today? Unless... he was going to kill him! But would someone really kill a man just to win a Pulitzer Prize?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Theaters? All I need to see this movie is a laptop and a website based in a country that's really just an offshore oil platform. Care to join me?" Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "But wait. How am I supposed to sleep with that spooky cemetery outside my window?"
"Marge?", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "But how do we know, Marge? How do we know?"
"Oh, no. We're out of gas. I couldn't figure out this stupid Italian gas gauge.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Hey, Lis. Want some soup?", Bart Simpson replied.
"Ah, isn't that nice. Now, there is a politician who cares.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"Up- bup..." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "Top this, Donny."
"Really?" Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "I'm not asleep, I'm just resting my eye-- uh oh."
"No, no. No, no, no. It's just that, well, like I was yelling earlier, it seems like anyone with half a brain could coach better than you." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Come back with my thumb!"
Homer Simpson responded: "I'm not proud of that clip."
"Well, I can't risk it. I won't allow that Simpson boy to take the Hellfish Bonanza, and I can't get it without his key!", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Bart Simpson replied "No way a bull is gonna miss a target that big, man."
"Yeah, but now their umbilical cords have fallen off!", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "There, that's the last one."
"Take that, Pinchy.", Homer Simpson said.
"Noooo!" Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "I just think we should have paid the extra dollar-fifty and gotten a bus with restrooms."
Ned Flanders answered "Put you away for good."
Bart Simpson replied "Less talk, more sleep."
"Not everything. There's still the little matter of the whereabouts of your wife." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Hey, if I poisoned them, would I be doing this?"
"Did you hear that, Lis? Dad's gonna be just fine." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Yeah, yeah, yeah."
Bart Simpson said "Lisa, I have this strong unpleasant feeling I've never had before."
"Good morning. This is your wake-up call." Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "I'm very sorry you feel that way. Because John invited us all out for a drive today, and we're going."
"Bart, it's past your bedtime." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "QUIET STEPS ARE WHAT I TAKE / SNEAKING IN AT NOON..."
Marge Simpson: "Bart, eat up or you'll be late for school!"
"Okay, we're watching." Homer Simpson answered.
"Thank you, Mr. Burns. Thank you for... huh?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Please, Homie? No more craziness -- for me?" Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Ow! Mo-om..."
Homer Simpson: "See you in hell, dinner plate."
Marge Simpson answered "Yes. One. Involving you."
"Wow, that was a good idea. And I can't believe it came from Nelson.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Goodbye, old friend. I'll think of you whenever I have a stroke or a heart attack."
Homer Simpson responded: "Go gamecocks!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Hey, treadmill! How do you like this incline?"
"I thought we agreed to consult each other before any major purchases.", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "I'm so sorry. How can I ever make this up to you?"
"Hmm. I bet this place sells illegal fireworks. Just go in and act casual, like you buy 'em all the time." Homer Simpson said.
"Fine. You want passion? I'll give you passion." Homer Simpson said.
"I'll go.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"It's almost nine-thirty!" Marge Simpson replied.
"A fortune teller? Oh, no you don't. This phony gypsy just wants to rip you off. See, this wart is a fake!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Very little."
"I know, but... Wait a minute. I'm Homer Simpson. Ned Flanders lives over there." Homer Simpson responded.
"Shut up! Shut up!" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Those suck. They're worse than nothing. I could write way better songs."
Bart Simpson replied: "Skunks?"
Lisa Simpson responded "Gee, Bart, maybe you were right."
Homer Simpson: "That's what she said!"
"Stop making Putin jokes!", Marge Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak responded: "I had plans for that money too -- I was gonna be one of those guys who's really into hot sauce! Hot sauce suspenders, hot sauce pajamas, bolo tie with a little chili pepper on it..."
"Check it out! World's biggest armpit fart!" Bart Simpson answered.
"I see your point, brother.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Well, I'm off to work."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Bart, that exhibit over there is biased, insensitive and anti-feminist."
Homer Simpson responded "What can I say? I love nature..."
Bart Simpson said: "BASTARD, BASTARD / BASTARD, BASTARD / BASTARD, BASTARD"
"Oh come on, wouldn't it be easier if our parents divorced and you compensated by marrying much older men? Meanwhile, I'll be one of those weird guys who's thirty-five and shows up at high school basketball games." Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "Testing..."
"Tell me what?", Seymour Skinner said.
"Milhouse!" Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "...she's so helpful and everyone loves her and, well, this may sound crazy, but I think my family likes Becky more than me."
"Do I have to do anything?" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "They cannot judge me. Only my Father can judge me."
Lisa Simpson responded: "I love Chinatown... although I wish they'd stop picking on Tibet Town."
"Fourth Street and D!" Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "It's hard to believe someone so close to our family could be an illegal alien."
Marge Simpson: "Well, we're leaving. And remember, no Itchy and Scratchy. I better take these batteries just to be sure."
"And he never even lived to be a vegetable." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Homer Simpson."
Lisa Simpson said "Wait a minute... if you take the test now, your score could raise the average and save the school!"
Lisa Simpson: "Nooooo!"
Seymour Skinner answered: "What the F-minus?"
"Where is the end?", Marge Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Well, Countess Van Zeplin and I... What in blaze... Now you listen to me, you bargain basement Baudelaire. I'm not some dizzy starlet who can't string two words together. I can write this thing myself. You're fired."
Homer Simpson answered: "Lisa! Lisa!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "We have a bomb shelter?"
"Hey, remember that pet gerbil we used to have? He didn't run away after all.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Uh, yes, well, um... taxes took out a lot... I spent a ton on those things for the family... and um, I didn't know you could rent a balloon..."
"Oh, but Lenny just got some bottle rockets." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "C'mon, people. Peaches!"
"Dad, how could you do that? The whole audience saw me pee my pants!" Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "I hogged it! I hogged it!"
Homer Simpson replied "Why you little..."
Homer Simpson answered: "Xbox."
"I gotta pick a career! Gotta pick a career!" Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "You mean... witches?"
Homer Simpson said "Son, did you ever suspect it was me?"
Marge Simpson responded "Excuse me... Mister Mayor... they say you speak English?"
"Well, Dad, what do you want to talk about tonight?" Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Huh?"
Bart Simpson responded: "Comic Book Guy's been writing these for years. Who knew a troubled person could be creative?"
"What a load of garbage! I'm ecstatic. With the money from this, we're within striking distance of our trip to Albany." Seymour Skinner responded.
"Come i-in!", Homer Simpson said.
"I needed it. I had to buy back some incriminating photos.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "I don't care."
Homer Simpson replied "How do you know the title of my prophetic vision?"
"Not everyone has a deathbed, son -- you could die suddenly.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "Street signs? Indoors?! Whatever."
Bart Simpson said "I don't want your help! I'll get one of those jobs where you don't need to read, like French fry maker or general."
"First Communion?!" Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "Well... no, but now when I look at it all I'll see is a fraud."
"No, it's, uh... good news!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Did you just unlock the car from here?", Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered: "You mean those diet milkshakes?"
"Uh, uh, just resting my eyes.", Homer Simpson said.
"Yeah, but at least now that my show's cancelled, I don't need material, so there's no need to lure my Dad into the trap I set up for him. The trap!", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "Not bloody likely."
"Uh-huh..." Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "Come on, Dad, just twelve more pounds."
"One million times..." Homer Simpson replied.
"It can't be turned off." Homer Simpson replied.
"Well, let's see what's in the ol' vacation fund." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "You've signed my name lots of times."
"Bart! Quit fooling around and eat your dinner.", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "So? I don't have a pacemaker."
Marge Simpson: "She's nice."
"I knew it. All right, Bart, who's your girlfriend?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"C'mon, Maggie, maybe if you just squeeze a little..." Homer Simpson responded.
"Because I have so much to tell you: the mailman did the other side of the street before our side. Turns out it was a substitute." Marge Simpson said.
"The ferry will be back in ten minutes. It'll take us home... to find out the truth.", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded "And they're letting me write the sequel! A hard deadline is just the kick in the pants I need to focus and get some serious writing done!"
"I like that picture of the sneaker with wings. I'm gonna flee!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Oui, oui. After you. And I'll be seeing you later."
Lisa Simpson: "I think it's romantic. Throwing off the shackles of the workaday world and following a dream... of sorts."
Homer Simpson replied: "No!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Now let's all enjoy the snack table while we still have it."
"I know you're a good man... and I have a dog that's very sick...", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "From the unknown toaster."
Lisa Simpson responded: "No, no, you'll like it. It's about the ocean."
"Oh who am I kidding? I couldn't enjoy calorie one without my family. I'm going back to save them.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "Then why is Diggs there?"
Homer Simpson said "What the hell is all this?!"
Marge Simpson responded: "What's up, Seymour?"
"Oh.", Homer Simpson replied.
"And we've all found happiness... Every one of us.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Now all you need are customers. Well, better get home to the little woman.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Good heavens! I'm very glad you brought those in, Bart." Seymour Skinner responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Bart! Lisa! Time for church."
Bart Simpson answered "You were like a brother to me! We were gonna take woodshop together and make nunchucks. And then take people to our lockers and show them our nunchucks!"
"Ooo! Ow! I'm paralyzed! I just hope medical science can cure me." Moe Szyslak said.
"Careful children, that's my car." Seymour Skinner replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "Why me? Yuk! I smell like a sandwich."
"A couple hours? I can do the Sunday puzzle in less than one hour!" Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "You were supposed to get her that stupid diary!"
Ned Flanders responded "Isn't that nice?"
Marge Simpson answered "Well, you won't be watching these cartoons anymore. Ever."
Ned Flanders answered: "He's in a place full of brimstone and exposed flesh."
"Woo hoo!", Homer Simpson said.
"You really want me?" Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "So freaking far in the ground, baby."
"Nobody does." Moe Szyslak responded.
"But I have to go to the bathroom!" Homer Simpson answered.
"He shouldn't have bet his door if he didn't wanna lose it.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"Who wants to put on a leotard and get screamed at?", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Oh, yeah." Homer Simpson responded.
"Yeah. Or is it just a cover story for a grownup thing we're not allowed to know about?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"A thousand bucks. I can't afford that." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Why would you volunteer at the church?"
Homer Simpson answered "Hello hotline? I am very tempted by another woman."
"Mm, various eggs.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "I always wondered if there was a god. And now I know. There is. And it's me."
Seymour Skinner replied: "NOOOOOOOOoooooooo!"
Marge Simpson said "You've had the same job, same car, same house for twenty years. And that's all you'll ever have. A cycle you'll never ever, ever, ever, ever, ever change. And you're okay with it!"
"Yeah, Homer." Bart Simpson answered.
"Earthland Realms?", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "I hear he goes to California on his vacations."
"Cubic Diamondium?" Marge Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "You've won this round. But when next we meet, the beekeeper will be the beekeepee!"
"I'm her first word!" Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "I can complete my Dad's mission just like George W. Bush."
Homer Simpson replied "Okay, but I'm not good at details. Or the big picture. I also show up late, and drunk."
"Sure, by their standards, but we live in America." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Just a second, son. I've gotta put on my contacts."
"Not me...", Bart Simpson responded.
"Dammit, I said full power!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Happy Valentine's Day, and shut your gob."
Lisa Simpson said: "You have to cut these six-pack holders up. Otherwise fish get trapped in them."
Lisa Simpson responded "I meant soon."
Bart Simpson replied "Which one, the one that got canceled or the one that's gonna get canceled?"
Lisa Simpson said "What a sight! It happens every year like the swallows returning to Capistrano."
Homer Simpson said: "But we're early for lunch. Let's go grab a burger."
"Yeah, I sent it to pick up Ralph. No one was using it." Bart Simpson answered.
"Oh, come on, let's go for a walk! This family's getting so lazy." Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Gordon Ramsay!"
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "It's a Christmas miraculum!"
"Well I'm afraid that we don't want to be with anyone but Mom and whoever she chooses to be with.", Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "Fine, I'll help you with your stupid flash cards."
Homer Simpson said: "Mr. West! You said there was a job for me!"
"Homer, are you laughing at me?", Marge Simpson replied.
"Exactly, come to the one you love." Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "Dad, it was so great -- Knockahomer really took a pounding but then he won!"
Marge Simpson replied: "Why is everyone at this bakeoff such a meanie-bo-beanie?"
Lisa Simpson replied "Yeah!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Geez, look at this place. We gotta do something."
"Okay, uh, why don't you start from the top?" Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Homer, please, you're hurting my arm!"
"Today we learned how to rip a man's heart out and show it to him before he dies." Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "Can you see the lion anywhere?"
"Come on, you stupid fish! Take the bait! Don't make me come down there!", Homer Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns said "How odd. His money seems to have bought him happiness."
Bart Simpson said: "Aw, Mom, I couldn't ask you to do that. You're already taking care of Maggie, and Lisa is such a handful --"
"Ants!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Whew, that's all of 'em. And I'm so proud you didn't try to forge my name. How 'bout a present, son?"
"Heidy-ho, Simpson. Your son shoved this through our doggie door." Ned Flanders responded.
"Wanna go slam a few beers?" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "No! I've gotta pass this class for my kids. Son, let's stop the fussin' and a-feudin'."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Way to go, Grampa."
Moe Szyslak replied: "Yeah, no, no cord at all... on those. Hey, game's on!"
Homer Simpson said "Please, just leave me alone."
"Can we have pancakes for dinner?", Bart Simpson answered.
"Nine a.m.?!", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "Ooo kids, did you hear that lesson?"
"Why can't your heir be female? Or-or why can't we elect our leaders?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Lisa! Dad! C'mere quick! There is something that you won't believe!", Bart Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner said: "Your books will actually fit in this one."
Homer Simpson responded "Okay."
Homer Simpson responded: "I TOLD GRAMPA WE'D BE AWAY"
Moe Szyslak responded "Whoa, clear water!"
"Ahh! Undo! Undo! Uhh." Homer Simpson answered.
"How 'bout I explain it to you over a cup of coffee. That is, if you're willing to give me another shot.", Ned Flanders said.
Seymour Skinner answered "I'm going to go out there, and tell every man, woman and child that I love Edna Krabappel."
Homer Simpson answered "Agreed."
Marge Simpson said "We had a lot of fun. They're terrific kids."
"Yeah. The sun is still out." Lisa Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner: "/ It's weren't nothin', really. / Just doin' our job. /"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Thank you! I've never felt more accepted. Perhaps one day people who spell correctly will replace athletes at the top of our national pantheon."
Bart Simpson responded: "Yeah. He invented stuff, too."
"I... I..." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Hit the road, ya big load!", Bart Simpson replied.
"Marge, let me explain: I had a chance to make a little more money by exploiting broken families..." Homer Simpson answered.
"And when you pushed me off the bridge, it's 'cause you knew about the party and wanted to make sure I got here." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Barkeep!"
"They're on hinges. That's really ingenious, Dad.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"You know what'd be good with these, is some Ms. Butterworth." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "You give this delightful frozen treat the same respect you would give any lactose-free food. God bless America!"
"Bart, stop creating a diversion and get out of here!" Seymour Skinner replied.
Marge Simpson said: "A tombstone?!"
"Yep." Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "None."
"I just feel terrible about getting Mr. Smithers fired. That job was all he had. Imagine how you'd feel, Marge, if you got fired from the... those things... that you do." Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, don't thank me. Thank an unprece-dented eight-year military build-up.", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "Your job isn't to worry about me, it's to give me things to worry about."
Lisa Simpson answered "To the reference desk!"
"There's rats in my pants!" Bart Simpson replied.
"You like to shinny? I like to shinny. Where do you see yourself in twenty years?" Bart Simpson responded.
"The Grand Exalted Leader requests a moment of your time. Class dismissed." Seymour Skinner answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "Dad!"
"Solid waste, I could kiss you." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "I've discovered a mystery, wrapped in a riddle in the basement of a lousy school!"
"Wake up and look at the snow." Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh, that's your cure for everything.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Okay! You be the girl, and I'll be the car."
Bart Simpson responded: "Um-hmm."
"Poltergeist in the closet...", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "I guess some people never change. Or they quickly change, and then quickly change back."
"TEACH US SONGS AND MAGIC TRICKS." Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Yeah, Dad. If you don't look perfect, you'll never be able to sneak in and steal Ling back."
"The Simpsons are going to Delaware!" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "Jessica we just..."
Homer Simpson answered: "YOU TOOK A TWENTY-KARAT DIAMOND, AND MADE IT GLEAM / LIKE A BIG SPAGHETTI DINNER, SMOTHERED IN WHIPPED CREAM."
Bart Simpson said: "O-kay."
Seymour Skinner answered: "Oh."
"Dad, you want I should plug him in the ankle?" Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "Hey, it didn't help your dad get your mom back."
"Don't tell me Mom dresses you.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner responded: "Mother, please. I'm communicating with my fellow hams."
"They sure do, Strawberry." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Bart Simpson replied "Why would I want to?"
"Where did you get a ridiculous idea like that?" Marge Simpson answered.
"BABE. WE GOT YOU, BABE." Ned Flanders said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Well, I got my laugh. I'm outta here."
Homer Simpson responded "No!"
Lisa Simpson replied "I'll make both."
Homer Simpson said: "Not to worry. I'll just turn on the trusty bug zapper."
"Oh really?" Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "We'll see who's laughing when your house is smeared with ostrich albumen."
Homer Simpson responded: "Comin' in from the left."
"Hey, quit it!", Bart Simpson said.
"And if they are?" Lisa Simpson said.
"No one teaches me history!" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Just run the camera, you little..."
Homer Simpson answered: "Get the hell out."
Bart Simpson replied "Because then I'd be the one thing I swore I wouldn't: you."
Homer Simpson responded: "Sweet maiden of the spit, grant now my boon, that I mightst sup on suckling pig this noon."
"Wow, Africa. I had a good friend who really wanted to go there. So, uh, you speak English there?" Moe Szyslak replied.
Bart Simpson responded "The five boxing wizards jump quickly? Whoa! My sister's finally become... mildly interesting!"
"Yes.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Now, c'mon. Take all this, and this, put it in the closet."
"Classic." Homer Simpson replied.
"What you do is horrible: ripping off geniuses who spent years perfecting their styles.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Honey, please. You're in the way." Marge Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak answered "I gotta admit, I-I'm kinda nervous, here. We haven't seen Barney since they enveloped him."
Marge Simpson replied "You stay here 'til you're no longer insane. Mmmm, chili would be good tonight."
"Bart!" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Wow. Can you do that again?"
Ned Flanders answered: "Lock onto his wiener."
Homer Simpson said "So what do you like, Lisa? Viomalin... tubamaba... obomoboe?"
Lisa Simpson replied "Okay... best friend."
"Hip, hip..." Seymour Skinner replied.
"Now it's time for the Innocence Report with Homer Simpson." Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "Yeah, Bart, get out and push."
"I melted string cheese over some corn chips!" Marge Simpson replied.
"The burglar even took my stamp collection." Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "Looking through my purse, looking through my purse... keep walking, monkey!"
"Now come on... You can play your little tie-up game inside. I've got some cocoa on the stove. Who wants imitation marshmallows?" Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered: "The months ahead will be long and arduous. But it is only through arduousity th..."
"Hi Barney. Thanks for keeping me company." Homer Simpson answered.
"Scratchy is getting a haircut. Then Itchy -- the barber -- chops Scratchy's head off with a razor!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Mm, no, I don't need therapy, I'm fine. And it's too expensive.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Wonders, Lisa? Or blunders?"
C. Montgomery Burns said "You call this a super computer?!"
C. Montgomery Burns answered "You, Smithers? Oh no, my dear friend, I've planned a far greater reward for you. When I pass on, you shall be buried alive with me."
Homer Simpson: "Hmm, bold -- refreshing... and something I can't quite put my finger on."
"You see, I'm trying to teach my son here about treating woman as objects." Homer Simpson responded.
"Well, I'm only here because I got blamed for a prank I didn't do." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Believe me, if you're holding a three-hundred-pound dead guy, fear is not gonna be your problem."
Homer Simpson responded: "Stupid dog!"
Ned Flanders said: "You know how you said you could help me with any desire and nothing was forbidden? Well, sir, I want you to rid of Lisa's bully teacher."
Homer Simpson: "Come on... fit you..."
Homer Simpson responded "No pink box?! Wha -- what's going on?"
"Why are we playin' games when we got two grand in the bank!? Remember when Dad won the First Annual Montgomery Burns Award for Outstanding Achievement in the Field of Excellence?", Bart Simpson said.
"Maybe a plane exploded." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "She lives in a houseboat? Wow, she is so cool."
"Yaaay! Here comes the Leader!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Strange as it sounds, Dad, I agree with you.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Oh my goodness!"
"How much?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Just pretend it's a tree, honey. Or as we say at OmniTouch, a Progress Tree.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Bart!" Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "Okay, we've got cocktail wienies and Swedish meatballs."
Lisa Simpson responded "Chief Wiggum, I can't wait to hear about all the exciting, sexy adventures you're sure to have against this colorful backdrop!"
"Look at you go. Type-ity type, type, type!", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "If you fire me, I'll call President Sarkozy and he'll be all over you like Truffaut on Hitchcock."
Moe Szyslak answered "Huh?"
"Wait, there's still one last thing that doesn't make sense. Why did you start fixing our roof and then just disappear?", Marge Simpson said.
"Hey Homer!" Ned Flanders said.
"And maintenance.", Seymour Skinner replied.
"Herbert. Herbert Powell. Great! Where can I find him?", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Doesn't he talk funny?"
Homer Simpson responded "I use it for everything! Watch me turn on the TV."
Homer Simpson responded "Craig and Amy, Craig and Amy. Why don't you just marry Craig and Amy?"
Homer Simpson responded: "I'll have it on your desk in the morning, sir."
"Too late.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "Hey Lawn-Boy! You missed a spot!"
"Simpson, you're probably wondering why you're here." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Yeah."
"Why are you keeping that thing?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Ms. Botz? Ms. Botz?", Homer Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak said "Ow! Hey! Stop it! Ooh, Cookies!"
"Simpson, here's my plan. Ms. Juniper is divorced, and her daughter Melody is in the third grade." Seymour Skinner said.
"Look, the snow's melting!" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Eh, big deal -- by the time Bart's eighteen, we're gonna control the world! We're China, right?"
Bart Simpson said: "Was that the war with Hitler or Merlin?"
Bart Simpson said "Norbert? Norbert? Oh, this guy's a total Norbert."
Moe Szyslak said: "Aw, that -- that's my old spit bucket. Yeah, I been meanin' to empty that out."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Oh, those poor, helpless cows."
Homer Simpson responded: "Hi."
Marge Simpson said: "It's time for Krusty."
"Well... I don't know.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Yeah, but now he's being attacked by an elephant.", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "What? No!"
Moe Szyslak answered: "What am I-- My bar is empty, is what. Why ain't you guys there?"
Ned Flanders said: "Ow! Now what was that for?"
Homer Simpson replied "Oh yeah? What is it?"
Marge Simpson responded "How's my special little guy?"
"Hmm... sign me up!", Seymour Skinner said.
Bart Simpson responded: "Let her figure out someone to dump it on."
Marge Simpson: "Honey, I appreciate the thought, but just leave everything to me."
Homer Simpson replied "All right. Just this once you can take a drink out of my special water bottle."
Homer Simpson answered "But I was just..."
Homer Simpson answered: "Ow!"
"Marge, weren't you listening? This is a miracle breakthrough. Not one of these cheapo sucker deals.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "Not good money, really. Each can'll get you a nickel."
Bart Simpson responded: "Ninja Throwing Soap!"
"Well, maybe she'll like it better filled with dying trees and mutated animals." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Huh?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Marge, what's wrong? Are you Hungry? Sleepy? Gassy? Gassy? Is it gas? It's gas, isn't it?", Homer Simpson said.
"C'mon everybody, we're late. Bart, I want you to promise me you'll pay attention in Sunday school. Bart? Bart? BART!!" Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "Uhh, little help?"
"Homie... it's been a wonderful day... but do you think maybe we're moving a little too quickly?", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Look at this business center -- fax, Wi-Fi, teleconferencing capabilities... I'm gonna remember this day for the rest of my life!"
"So hard, but so rewarding... Downhill skiers missing fun... Oh, who am I kidding?" Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Well... It takes me a long time to learn anything... I'm kind of a goof-off..."
"Homie, what do you say we go to bed? You, me and the cake?", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "Wow. And I thought he had it all."
Homer Simpson replied "It's all right! I'm a teacher."
Homer Simpson: "I'm challenging you, Hawk. In front of all these outcasts and dreamers, who can't even get into the army, if you can believe it."
Lisa Simpson replied "Mom! Bart's making faces at me. I think."
"Homer, I insist you steal that car.", Marge Simpson said.
"You're crazy if you think you're gonna get away with this, lady. You can't --" Bart Simpson said.
"We've been singing this song like it only belonged to us! When every city in America has had its lips on it! Even Des Moines..." Moe Szyslak replied.
"I'm so proud of you, Homie. It's like you're Kid Rock and I'm Pamela Anderson Lee Rock." Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "This is the worst thing that's ever happened to me! I was Ivy! Strong Ivy!"
"What if I gave you homework help? I won't give you the answers, but I'll give you the tools to find the answers yourself.", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "There's still more meatloaf."
Bart Simpson responded: "I don't get it, Lis. You said everything would be back to normal, but Homer and Flanders are still friends."
"I'm in trouble already. Here's what happened...So you've got to think of a way I can come home for free.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Look at you, all sugar and spice instead of equations and test tubes."
"Noooo!" Ned Flanders said.
Homer Simpson said "All right, but your next story better be worth it."
"No, I was just thinking you might have some in the back you haven't put out yet." Lisa Simpson answered.
"But honey --" Moe Szyslak said.
"Coming through... challenge... duel... Hi Lenny... how dare you... demand satisfaction...", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered "Shut your mouth!"
Marge Simpson responded "You don't have a cousin Frank."
Lisa Simpson replied "What's going on outside?"
C. Montgomery Burns: "Excellent shot, Smithers. I'll be squeezing my Bobo in no time."
Homer Simpson replied "Look, you can drug me all you want, but my family won't rest till they find my drug-bloated corpse."
"Shut up." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "Ooh, I can't wait to see what kind of home we live in."
"But we didn't do that badly. We collected enough paper to save one whole tree." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "I need a miracle."
"It says the ceiling was donated by the Velcro Company.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh. Well, thanks for your time.", Homer Simpson responded.
"We can't afford to buy a pony.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Gimme another one."
"You're pouring hot butter on my leg!" Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "You're going with me! But Lisa, after this, I don't want you to spend any more time with this boy. If you do, it'll mean you're a separate person from me."
"You're moving the team to Albuquerque, aren't you?", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "I guess I can't help but feel fully responsible."
Bart Simpson responded: "Yeah. Plus lots of other stuff."
"Oh Ralph, Fred, Archie, King of Queens, I mean Homer." Marge Simpson answered.
"Paper." Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said "Oh sure, I get it. Bart told you I was taking lessons, so you thought you'd come over and--"
"Oh, Mom.", Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "Bart, I've fallen in love with crosswords!"
"Sorry, Daddy." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "This is hard work. Isn't it, boy? Boy?"
"Huh?" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "So what are you up to, young lady?"
"Woo-hoo! I tried! Okay." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Oh wait. I was supposed to take these with food."
Homer Simpson answered: "Like what?"
"Go ahead, Patty.", Marge Simpson replied.
"We have to sign up plaintiffs, and take depositions from the townspeople." Lisa Simpson said.
"Homer, you got a letter. Hm. It's from the library." Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "Well... as fabulous as your regulars are, a remodel might bring in a higher class of lush."
Homer Simpson answered "Yes, sir!"
"Skinner? He works for me now." Bart Simpson replied.
"Stop! You are in violation of the Model U.N. Charter!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Ohhhh. / Hiiiii." Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Me neither. I'm just enjoying some world-class tennis."
"Mom, I have a crush!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Homer, that means your dad might not be your dad!" Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "I never thought I'd say this, but I wish Mr. Burns was back."
Bart Simpson responded "Yeah. And I've learned that all religions are equally boring. But there's a reason I went. Come and see."
Marge Simpson responded: "'Bye. We miss you."
Bart Simpson replied "Are you a zombie?"
"Now this is what I'm talkin' about!" Moe Szyslak said.
"Okay pretty boy, where's Fat Tony's fifty bucks?", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "After thirty-five years of marriage, we've finally gotten it right."
"Oh yeah, well right there's a commercial with a dancing cold sore." Homer Simpson said.
"But... but...", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "No, I gave that to the homeless shelter."
Lisa Simpson said: "Bart, how can you laugh at that? You just had a heart attack!"
Bart Simpson: "Hmmm."
"Ow! She tripped me. Ow! Owww!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Well, sir, of course He could... but then again... Wow, as melon-scratchers go, that's a honey-doodle.", Ned Flanders answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "Don't need it anymore. Doctor says my butt-bone's stronger than ever."
"Yup!" Marge Simpson replied.
"My rubberized bands! My binder clips! My accordion Post-Its!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Marge Simpson said: "Maggie, what can I get you for breakfas-- Oh. You did everything yourself."
"Hey, plenty of babes have docked at Porto de Barto." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Hide me!"
Bart Simpson said: "Sometimes I wonder about all the people in this town. Do you think anything interesting ever happens to them? I mean, there must be thousands of great stories out there."
Homer Simpson said "Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Okay Maggie, just calmly and carefully back away."
"...some can't even get a fair shake, or even a square deal... Ummmm, smells delightful.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Ooo, unknown caller!"
"Oh, very well." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Well, uh, we've never had a dance before. Lisa, you'd be doing all the work. What do you think?" Seymour Skinner said.
"She already ate three.", Bart Simpson responded.
"PARTY POSSE, WE RULE THE EARTH / THE GREATEST BAND SINCE MUSIC'S BIRTH.", Bart Simpson answered.
"I was thinking more like protection for... down there.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh!"
Marge Simpson said "Dear Lord, before we peel the foil back from your bounty, we ask you to watch over little Timmy O'Toole, trapped in that well."
Lisa Simpson responded "Oh my God!"
Homer Simpson: "Aw... he thinks he's papal."
"Thank you, Bart. I promise I won't make fun of you later for this.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"I dunno. It's one of those mysteries, like how do my clothes get clean and put back in my drawers?" Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "No... I think it was Lenny."
"Trojan, Ramses, Magnum, Sheik!" Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Shut up. You are so fired."
Lisa Simpson said: "I can't relax! Being president is hard work. Maybe you should try doing something with your life."
"And unusual." Marge Simpson responded.
"Yeah, well I won the belching contest at work." Homer Simpson replied.
"You didn't feel for him either, you big fat phony." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Fire in the hole!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Nah, it's not so bad. Here we can spit on the floor.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "This is it, boy. With this bird gone, the plant will be mine for the taking."
Homer Simpson responded "How's the war going? We're winning, that's great! And our standing abroad? Fantastic!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Fighting Tweakers rule!"
Lisa Simpson: "No! The computer says it's statistically impossible!"
Marge Simpson replied: "That was a movie."
"I can't, it's a Geo!", Ned Flanders answered.
"I think he's been Sneakering on his diet.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "THE GI-ANT..."
"That's it! Let me make something very clear: my heart belongs to Marge and you can never, ever have it. This opera's over when the fat man sings." Homer Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders answered "Well, I'd better skedaddle. Oh, there's one more weensy little thing -- you see that tree over there?"
"Poor Chip. Such a big part of everyone's life." Marge Simpson answered.
"Vanderbilt?" Homer Simpson replied.
"No thanks.", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "We're at what now, three?"
"Go! Go! Geez, I'm the only one in the audience over fifteen." Moe Szyslak said.
"Bart!" Marge Simpson said.
"Mmm, historically inaccurate." Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, yeah? Well how about... this severed finger!" Bart Simpson answered.
"I heard you last night, Bart. You prayed for this. Now your prayers have been answered. I'm no theologian. I don't know who or what God is exactly. All I know is He's a force more powerful than Mom and Dad put together and you owe him big." Lisa Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "The generous offer I'm making is good for exactly thirty seconds, Simpson."
Homer Simpson responded "Mmm, thanks -- It looks... Hey, wait a minute! Just because I'm wearing a pink shirt, it doesn't mean I'm some kind of a... pink doughnut-eater! Although it is tempting --"
Bart Simpson: "It's a vacuum cleaner, Milhouse."
Bart Simpson answered "D.N.A., positive I.D. -- Those won't hold up in any court -- Run, Dad!"
"Now where's she going?", Homer Simpson answered.
"HE SAVED OUR ASS!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Well it is."
"Ay carumba!" Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded "Oh no! King Toot's is closed! Dad, you're gonna have to take me to the... big box music store."
Homer Simpson said "Oh God, it's baby blood!"
"Thanks, Funzo. You rock!", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Yeah, what's with the love thang?"
C. Montgomery Burns answered "This is the largest TV in the free world."
"I'm not saying it isn't sleazy, honey. But try to see it my way. All my life I've been an obese man trapped inside a fat man's body.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh stupid sheep.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Me, in a nuclear power plant... Kaboom!"
"Uh, Bart?" Lisa Simpson said.
"What kind a mint?" Homer Simpson said.
"No prob. I'll just mooch some green off my folks.", Bart Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner answered: "Today, Springfield Elementary embarks on a new era: an era of unbridled spending where petro-dollars will fuel our wildest educational fantasies. These young minds will enjoy every academic advantage... ...until they enter Springfield High School, which has no oil well."
"Yeah, Skinner said you wouldn't have the wontons to go through with it." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Maggie! Oh my little girl!"
"Did you see the bubble?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, it's very wise. It's written by a rabbi -- who surfs!" Marge Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak replied: "No, it's how you fly coach on Delta now."
"Love you.", Homer Simpson replied.
"I know, but a breeze from that window went in my mouth.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Wait a minute, everyone! There's your Christmas up there!" Homer Simpson said.
"Fellow Springfielders. I have called you all here so we can enter the Duff Book of World Records.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Okay, okay, no worries." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "I know."
Lisa Simpson responded: "... ... ..."
"Look! A shooting star!", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "Mr. Hutz!"
Bart Simpson replied: "Way to go dad!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Huh? What?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh I'm sure he knew. And I'm sure that wherever he is now, he's happy."
Homer Simpson replied "Well, if I made any sense today, it's because all the stuff you've told me all these years has finally seeped in."
Homer Simpson said: "They wouldn't? Well I'll go to bat for you, honey."
Bart Simpson replied "I didn't think anyone successful came from Springfield."
"You could do something nice for Lisa.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Reading about this Edison character. They won't let me in the big people library downtown. There was some unpleasantness. I can never go back.", Homer Simpson said.
"The Kwik-E-Mart." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "The Simpsons are goin' to Mars, so pack your... Or maybe I'll think of something else."
Bart Simpson replied: "The whole insides."
"Hello?", Marge Simpson answered.
"How you got in my carpool I'll never know.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"I came to relax -- you think of it!" Homer Simpson responded.
"What's so funny?", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "Oh, we've got to get you home to a warm blanket and a cold compress."
"Oh, Okay.", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "How would I go about creating a half-man, half-monkey type creature?"
"Well, I sure don't feel like cooking.", Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "Hi, I didn't want to miss one more chance to spend time with Mr. Musk. It is such an honor."
"Huh. The light must've burned out.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Sorry, son, but we're going to be very busy. Mel's movie really stinks."
Homer Simpson answered "I knew this would happen."
"Great!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner responded "I'm very sorry to hear that, Willie."
Lisa Simpson said: "Da-ad!"
Bart Simpson responded: "Look at all this great stuff, Lis. Cool, personalized plates."
Bart Simpson responded: "Mrs. Krabappel, in figuring out my final grades, I hope you'll note that all of my textbooks are being returned in excellent condition. In some cases, still in their original wrappings."
Bart Simpson answered: "Why are you saying that?"
Marge Simpson: "Homie, you don't need drugs anymore. Your eyes are all better."
"Woo hoo! An unattended tap! Like takin' beer from a baby!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, this novelty foam hand is ludicrously oversized. Go swap it for a smaller one." C. Montgomery Burns said.
Bart Simpson replied "So, what are you in for?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Poking through."
Ned Flanders said: "I never had a snowplow business."
Homer Simpson said: "Are we hot?"
Marge Simpson responded: "There's gotta be a clue in here somewhere. Spats, sock garters, the world's hardest hard candy..."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Oh, forget it. Hey, how do we get back?"
"I can't imagine what we could've done to... Oh... oh no!" Ned Flanders answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Boy, stop talking to yourself!"
"It's free, right?" Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "It's gone!"
"Look! Krusty invited us to the taping of his last episode." Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "What the... ?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Hold on, I'm workin' it out."
"Oh, why did I get this Lego shirt?" Bart Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner answered "I just hope the audience is kind because my material is weak and, uh, and I have that bladder thing."
Homer Simpson answered "Lisa, a light bulb is either on or it's off."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Yeah Dad, you're always telling me and Bart to apologize."
Lisa Simpson replied "This is hopeless. They're gonna demolish our house for sure. We're gonna have to move into a Motel 6."
Homer Simpson answered: "Just kidding. Remember my face."
"The cat? What's the point?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Maybe it's beef stew!", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "So, one of those egg-counsel creeps got to you too, huh?"
Homer Simpson said "Mr. Burns, so glad you're here! Finally the party can get started!"
"Yeah -- is it that?", Moe Szyslak said.
"And if anyone finds this footage after we're all missing or dead, remember me as a hero." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "What?!"
Moe Szyslak said "Ya see, that's what I'm talkin' about. Because--"
"Aw, old man Burns is gonna kick off if he doesn't get some Double-O-Negative blood, but nobody at the plant has it." Homer Simpson answered.
"Students may spend up to ten points per day in up to four of seven categories. Unused points roll over week to week, but not month to month. Categories not included: meat, dairy, vegetables..." Seymour Skinner responded.
"Marge, I split my pants again. Oooh, can I have two sandwiches today? Make them bologna sandwiches too. Can I have two slices of bologna and cheese..." Homer Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders responded "Hmmm. Let's see, cash-register ink. Well, sir, that's a business expense, isn't it? Mmm... But then I do enjoy the smell of the stuff -- better not risk it."
"Do you have my money?" Homer Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak responded: "What's a wingman?"
"No going through the window for us!", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said: "Bart Simpson!"
"All right, which one of you suits ran over my moped? I just put a dollar's worth of gas in that thing.", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "My job was to keep Lisa's hope alive. But instead, she's really depressed."
"Well, that's a funny-looking strike." Moe Szyslak said.
"Well... I'm down to a kiosk, thanks to that place.", Ned Flanders replied.
"Uh... Simp-sons, sir.", Homer Simpson said.
"Milhouse? Greta? Well, no one has to draw me a picture.", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "Wow! Breathe it in, boys!"
"Hey, how come you're not playing BoneStorm?", Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "Welcome, everyone. Today we embark on a new era of intelligent governance."
"Ooo, better pick up the pace.", Ned Flanders answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Yeah, which reminds me, I need a sandwich."
"Good one, ding dong!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Homer Simpson, look what the snuggle fairy left in our DVD player."
"Excuse me. Can you tell me how to get to the museum?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders said: "Just relax, let the hooks do their work."
Marge Simpson said "Hey! Hello!"
"You know, Marge, you make the best pork chops in the whole world." Homer Simpson said.
"Caitlin, hi! Do a reading at your bat mitzvah? A sheynam dank!" Lisa Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Excellent."
"Thanks, buddy!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Awww."
"And you should be. The city's Multicultural Council has invited one lucky student to perform at City Hall. Lisa, you'll be representing us, and the noble Hitachee people!" Seymour Skinner said.
C. Montgomery Burns: "Smithers! Help!"
Homer Simpson said: "Attention: some crazy creeps on an island somewhere are secretly running the world..."
"Stop who, Marge? Be specific." Homer Simpson said.
"You're fired!", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Ohhh, don't forget. Don't forget what?!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Would you be proud of me?"
"It was only a day.", Seymour Skinner replied.
"Are you all right?" Lisa Simpson said.
"I don't know guys. I'm not sure I'm feeling this. The bass is kind of known for being a solo instrument.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "It's too much work. Why don't you come and get me?"
"Then the big game between Springfield U. and Springfield A & M. I hate Springfield U. so much." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Good for you. Maybe this'll straighten the boy out."
"Dunkilderry is so quaint! It looks like the puzzle at the pediatrician's office.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Oh, that's it! You can walk home!"
"I didn't know then, and I don't know now." Marge Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak answered: "Here comes ours, honey."
"Marge, I've got some serious thinking to do.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "My life is ruined."
"I'd rather call you by your normal name, if that's okay. But I never knew you were so good with hair.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Any of these islands would make a fine new country." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Oh, great stuff. And the life lesson is?..."
"Well, uh... it's got a rich mash base and a sense of danger. And I detect notes of elderberry, tobacco, oak, no, poison oak... and hints of game." Homer Simpson said.
"Hi guys. What's up?", Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "No, stop buying me leg warmers! I'm already wearing six pairs!"
"You might as well. You already made up a phony film credit." Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded: "Maybe we should see a counselor."
Marge Simpson said "Homer!"
Homer Simpson replied: "I'm surprised you don't remember, son. It was only eight years ago."
Homer Simpson answered "C'mon!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Well, it wasn't easy, honey, but I'm glad you love me again."
Homer Simpson replied "And do you love lasagna... like me?"
"So pick, please, me... Mr. Burns.", Bart Simpson said.
"... The dog!", Homer Simpson said.
"You've filled my head with horse poop and atheism! And all these years I thought I was unteachable.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Her husband's gonna be there too."
Homer Simpson said "You gotta be kiddin'."
"Thanks, everybody." Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner said: "Ow! Ow!"
Marge Simpson answered "What's so special about it?"
Lisa Simpson said "Mom, Dad -- Martin died at school today!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Not me."
Marge Simpson replied "Still wanna be at Moe's?"
"Arithmetic." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Your doll is trying to kill my husband!... Yes, I'll hold." Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "You killed my best friend."
Homer Simpson: "Hey look, this one's coming on to me."
"How many personal freedoms are we willing to give up in the name of security?" Lisa Simpson replied.
"PG-13.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Why you little...!"
Marge Simpson responded "How about this... what if we give the Van Houtens twenty-five percent of the money?"
Seymour Skinner said "Bart, now that you've graduated I can finally say this: you really press my cider."
"It's really Maggie, Sherlock. You know, I have to point out that this anagram only works if I get the wrong answer first." Lisa Simpson answered.
"I told you they were monitoring my activities." Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "Okay, Mom. We're rolling."
Bart Simpson said: "Because I've always been an advocate of women in the workplace, Lis."
Homer Simpson responded: "Gotta find a way to change Marge back. And replace the M&Ms I took from the mini bar."
Marge Simpson said: "Get them back -- she can't get neck-holes! It's picture day tomorrow!"
"Go ahead -- just try to provoke me." Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders: "I can't say for sure, but as a Christian, I assume the worst."
"That doesn't sound like your kind of movie.", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Oh, I can't take much more of this. I'm counting on you, Lis."
Homer Simpson said "Why do you always take the side of local merchants?"
"Hey Dad, can I use the transporter sometime? Please, I swear I'll be careful.", Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "It's no time for school."
Homer Simpson responded "People here do not respect boundaries."
Homer Simpson responded: "Once again, by eating alone I have saved my marriage."
Marge Simpson responded: "Well, the important thing is, someday I'll be watching my little Marge dancing at Lincoln Center."
"You said we were doing this out of friendship." Lisa Simpson said.
"That was totally worth it.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Let me ask you something. Does your money cheer you up when you're feeling blue?", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "I can't. I'm her manager."
Homer Simpson: "Change the channel, Marge."
Lisa Simpson said "The judge says it's okay as long as you pay Mr. Lampwick royalties."
Lisa Simpson answered: "That's correct."
Ned Flanders replied "I should box your ears you, you, you... You Sneaky Pete!"
"We were south... west of... North Dakota-lahoma." Lisa Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak responded "YOU CAN DO IT OTTO / YOU CAN DO IT OTTO..."
"And the school nurse says Bart has the plague.", Marge Simpson responded.
"See ya!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"I don't have an appointment with any large men --", Seymour Skinner responded.
"I understand. I already signed up for this place next year. I Gave my form and two hundred dollars cash to that dude.", Homer Simpson responded.
"I'll do it!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Dear God, give a bald guy a break. Amen."
"I know they do, but the Simpson Mardi Gras party has been a tradition since two days before you were born. And we spare no expense." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Don't worry. I made sure he can't get too far."
Marge Simpson answered "Don't worry about the competition, sweetie. Whenever I enter a contest I tell myself I'm going to win because, sometimes, if you believe hard enough, God cuts you a break. After all, he works for us. Our prayers pay his salary."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Two: the revolver wasn't invented until 1835."
"Too late! You already signed! Oh wait, there's one more.", Homer Simpson said.
"Marge, why are you crying? You're not in any physical pain. The only kind of pain a man can understand." Homer Simpson responded.
"What was that?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Wow, I've never seen a mobster use a tracksuit for exercising.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded "Oh, that's it!"
"There's no place left to run, Bart. Hand it over.", Marge Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner answered "And his kid, Bart."
"Yes!" Marge Simpson answered.
"First things first!" Ned Flanders responded.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Oh, terribly sorry. Back to sleep,"
Lisa Simpson replied: "It's almost like having Dad here. Only with less growling when I go near his food."
Lisa Simpson responded "They calm down when they're near the Springfield Silvertongues!"
"Well, Homer, maybe I could use a break from the ol' Weed 'N' Feed." Ned Flanders responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Let's go."
Homer Simpson replied: "Who's this?"
"Game's out there! Made you look...", Homer Simpson responded.
"That mini-van had the biggest cup holders. And change slots for every coin, from penny to quarter!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Who keeps saying that?"
Lisa Simpson said "They have jellies made of fruits I've never heard of!"
Marge Simpson replied: "Well, maybe you'd get promoted if you worked a little harder."
"Dad, look, I made fish sticks. They're burned on the outside, but they're frozen on the inside so it balances out." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Those are words."
"Oh Lord, when things looked darkest, you gave me light. Then you switched it off knowing full well I had declined thy infernal Mapple Care. Please grant me the wisdom to understand your capricious, nasty mind. And please, please make the next swing of the yo-yo an up, amen.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "Here's a cute fact. This sausage shop has been grinding the same family of pigs for six hundred years."
Homer Simpson replied: "You want fries with that?"
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Step lively, Smithers. That orphanage won't demolish itself!"
"What have you got so far?", Lisa Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Chicago, eh? Well what if I took us there now?"
Bart Simpson said: "Ko-ta-hay cheese?"
"Another round, kid?" Homer Simpson said.
"Look, there's only one thing worse than being a loser. It's being one of those guys who sits in a bar telling the story of how he became a loser. And I never want that to happen to me.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "Aw, c'mon, man. Admit it -- you knew this day would come."
Bart Simpson responded: "Cool! The wrong side of the tracks."
"Hey Moses, are you a loser?" Homer Simpson responded.
"D'oh. Now Bart, in light of your recent service to the school, I've decided to be lenient. Four hundred days detention.", Seymour Skinner responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Oh, it's just what I wanted. Here, Marge, this is for you."
Bart Simpson said: "Tons."
"Why did a vision of my future include a story about Homer and Lincoln's gold?" Bart Simpson said.
"You have to kill the head vampire." Homer Simpson answered.
"Homer! I know you're here, your car's outside!", Marge Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner answered: "Well, I'm afraid classes may be canceled today."
"Oh... my... God.", Homer Simpson said.
"I hope they're goin' somewhere good.", Homer Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak responded "Sorry, sorry."
Moe Szyslak: "Whaaa?!"
Homer Simpson responded "Oh, we're still on for tomorrow night."
Bart Simpson responded "Okay, okay. Milhouse's Grandmother lives on 257th Street, and I'm on Third."
Bart Simpson said: "Yeah?"
Marge Simpson replied: "Oh Bart, my troubled little lamb. You'll be in jail for so long. But I'll keep your room just the way it was: a pigsty."
Bart Simpson replied "This is so cool."
Homer Simpson said "I'm on a break."
Homer Simpson said: "Oh, it was so great. I didn't have to fake it with them. I was actually excited to hear about their day."
"Hm, what about the bread? Does that have much fish in it?" Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "Hey, I know it wasn't great, but what right do you have to complain?"
Bart Simpson replied "It doesn't matter how you live or what you did wrong. As long as you're on TV, people will respect you."
"Can't your old buddy Moe stop by with a list of questions from the Weekly World News? Number one: Sara, is it true you shoplifted a kayak?", Moe Szyslak responded.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Oh whatever, just take it."
"It's worse than you think. I have to buy you a new anniversary present." Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner replied: "...Recharge fire extinguishers. This is a free service of the fire department."
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh, Jack... You threw it all away, over a stupid feud with Skinner."
"A little much." Marge Simpson said.
"I've been tenderized.", Homer Simpson responded.
"I missed you too.", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Don't you call me a--"
"This is a little more rustic than I expected.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Mr. Hammock, say hello to Madam Ass.", Homer Simpson said.
"Well, I dunno, are you man enough to test every one of your limits?" Moe Szyslak answered.
"Um, none." Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded "Picture yourself on a beautiful sailboat. Ahhh, can't you just feel the sea breeze in your hair?... or scalps?"
"Not for one million dollars?" C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson said "What's that delicious smell?"
Bart Simpson responded "Save us, Fun Dad!"
"Heeeeey...", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "Well, if you're gonna cover this up, I'll just have to go over your head to Super--"
"So, I guess we're all in the same boat, huh?" Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns: "Absolutely not! No quack sawbones is going to apply his leeches to me! As long as there's an ounce of strength left in me, I..."
"Let's see... Apu's cousin is medium height, dark complexion, brown eyes, black hair..." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "And in the new Nineveh , darkness falls."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Dad, they have those everywhere."
"I can't believe it... You've actually found a practical use for geometry." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "I thought they'd do bits -- but their most famous bit?!"
"Well, I guess I don't have a choice...", Lisa Simpson said.
"Gold bars discovered by Homer?", Marge Simpson said.
"Not bad, Lisa Junior. But God's palace is way up on the moon...so if we want Him to hear us, we've gotta crank up the volume.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Bart's in trouble and we don't need your stupid comments!" Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Groundskeeper Willie?"
Bart Simpson responded: "Sure."
Homer Simpson answered: "Don't look at me. Don't look at me!"
"Hey, this was supposed to be about me. Now, any other questions? Pumpkin face? Headgear? Chicken pox? Smelly? Lazy eye? Spikey head? Okay, class dismissed. Rock on!", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "Please, Dad."
"There's one thing I still don't understand. When Bart went through the transporter, what happened to his head?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Wow, he did."
"It's all my fault my wife got mugged." Homer Simpson replied.
"Got it, music lessons!", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded "Why would your family pay all that extra money for the comfort of a dead man?"
Homer Simpson said "Benedict Arnold!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Nonhover."
Seymour Skinner: "I'd like you to give this note to Edna when you get back to class. I don't think I have to tell you it's for her eyes only."
Lisa Simpson responded "Is that really how it ends? What happened to the Merlinical Council?"
"Oh of course, of course. Um, I-I just have to -- I have to tidy up the place! Just one second." Moe Szyslak said.
"Bart, put that away!", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "But seeing that kitchen today made me wish we had something a little better for ourselves."
"So you guys have any luck finding a new job?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, I don't know, he might come home any minute." Marge Simpson answered.
"Everyone shift towards right!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak answered: "THEN COME IN, MY FRIEND."
"I've gotta close Praiseland down. Someone could get hurt.", Ned Flanders answered.
"Yeah, well I have full tenure.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "Just chewing on the wood."
"Oh, the floorboard broke my nightstand." Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Well, according to Red's schedule, we have to make it to Atlanta in three days."
"Ow!", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "Cool..."
"Wow, I'd love to help, but I did kind of have plans for tonight...", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "I'm sorry, Dad. The way I behaved was shameful. I guess fear made me run away. But love made me come back."
"That treehouse is never gonna get built at this rate. Time to call in the pros.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Now there's a Machiavellian countenance."
"Oh Roger, would you hand me the suntan oil?", Marge Simpson said.
"You're a boy -- nothing is sweet." Bart Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak: "Oh, oh, what are you doing? You're gettin' some kind of booze all over."
Marge Simpson answered: "Homer! Don't kill the foreign man!"
Homer Simpson responded "I'm gonna say this for the last time: Bart, if this is one of your pranks, very funny."
"Oh, who am I kidding? It's all my fault." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "And read books where the parents are divorced. That joint is jumpin'."
"Mom, where's Dad?", Lisa Simpson said.
"No, you're angry. Look, you're punching the cat right now." Marge Simpson answered.
"Hey, don't talk to my sister that way.", Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "No, it's fine."
"Mom, Mr. Burns is gonna kill Dad!", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Bart, just get out of here.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "Forget it."
"A cryptic message! Maybe this will lead me to the gem!" Lisa Simpson said.
"I'm starving. Mom, can we go Catholic so we get communion wafers and booze?" Bart Simpson responded.
"Oh sweetie, it's not for me. I wanted you to wear that dress at your wedding." Marge Simpson said.
"Left below?! Where have I heard that before?" Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "Our poor couch..."
"Her name is Marge.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Right..."
Homer Simpson responded: "I stuck him somewhere."
"Well, Moe, this is it. Today's the day I get my new air conditioner.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "I don't think real checks have exclamation points."
Bart Simpson responded "But I'm only... ... ... five... ten... twenty... forty minutes? That's pretty damn late."
Moe Szyslak said: "And I'm pulling your favorite song out of the juke box."
Marge Simpson answered: "We don't have a Clapper."
Bart Simpson: "Hmm, so down there in, say, Argentina or Rand-McNally all their water runs backwards?"
Homer Simpson responded "No, I'm not!"
Homer Simpson replied "I'm having problems with my new boss Roz. She's the most evil person to come out of Ohio since LeBron, but at least he thought long and hard before screwing everybody over, in public for no reason."
"A lot of great things have happened to me lately, but they're nothing compared to meeting you. May I have this dance?" Homer Simpson said.
"Well, there was our trip to the Amish Country..." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Hmmm. One of these must be a breakfast maker."
"And Homer, he is back with Mom / you can watch this tomorrow at Hulu.com.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "I've never felt saferrrr!"
"Not now, I'm dealing with Mr. Testacleese.", Seymour Skinner replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "You think I'm God?"
"Boy, that'd be sweet." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Eh, he won't get far. Not on the crappy breakfast I made for him."
"Oh, Homie... that's so thoughtful, but maybe we should hire a professional contractor.", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "Now Homer, boys will be boys."
"But I just... need more practice. See ya!" Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "Wow, man! What an RV!"
"No problem." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "Lisa, you don't know what you'll want in the future. I didn't marry the first boy I... well, I did. But you shouldn't!"
"I believe I'll get up." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "Why can't we visit a real museum? One that doesn't have the skeletons of the Three Stooges in the lobby?"
Marge Simpson said "Thank you."
"You'll miss the turnoff to the fancy new mall!" Marge Simpson responded.
"We're on the home stretch!", Bart Simpson said.
"I knew I had those installed for a reason.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Dear Lord, if you keep Homer from embarrassing us today, we promise to build several churches in your honor."
"What? Did you owe me some money?" Homer Simpson said.
"You're adopted and I don't like you." Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "And, if you scratch my back, I'll scratch yours."
Marge Simpson answered: "Homer, you left two jobs and bought an ambulance without even a phone call."
"And the main export is furious political thought." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Don't worry, kids. This is a national park. We can have lots of fun.", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "Where am I?"
Bart Simpson answered: "No, it's true."
"Legalize it.", Bart Simpson said.
"Thank God, there's one left!" Homer Simpson answered.
"This is highly unorthodox!" Seymour Skinner said.
Lisa Simpson said: "Do you actually serve those items?"
"Simpson! Where's your Christmas tree?", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"THIS SOUTHERN MAN DON'T NEED HIM 'ROUND, ANYHOW! Mom, who's Neil Young?" Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Must... sign... policy..."
"On another topic, the following students have won mountain bikes: Bart Simpson..." Seymour Skinner answered.
"Oh, my God. Isn't there anything I can do?", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Well you deserve it. All these vegetables are really clearing the cholesterol out of the old heart."
Moe Szyslak responded: "Nothin', nothin'. Just gimme a priceless sketch with a certificate of authenticity."
"Yeah, and a good dad wouldn't miss his son's Little League games!" Bart Simpson replied.
"Even babies know how to open and close their mouths. You need a bib.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Aw, come on, guys, it's getting dark." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "How did it ever come to this? I'm the first man ever to feel depressed in a bar. I don't have a friend in the world."
Lisa Simpson answered: "I'm trying! Can't I get on your shoulders?"
"Huh?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner said: "We can't continue on like this, trying to build a private relationship in public -- the whole town watching our every move with a fine-tooth comb."
Lisa Simpson: "Are we there yet? Are we there yet?"
"I'm proud of you, honey. You're finally giving something back to the community, after taking so, so much.", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "...And then the hand started crawling around and tried to strangle everybody?"
Marge Simpson said "I hope the Ovenfresh Bake-off likes them as much as you do."
"People can't smoke indoors in Ireland!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "This is getting very abstract, but thank you. I do enjoy working at the bowling alley."
"Dad, are you trying to tell us you're getting a coronary-artery bypass graft?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "I know! I know! It's Selma, right?"
"When I was in school, I loved math. Until...", Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "Homer? Homer? Now we have to kiss. The big TV is telling us to!"
"Maybe we should just head back to the hotel.", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "So, what do you care? It's not like you have friends."
"Quiet, Marge. This is my big moment.", Homer Simpson replied.
"He's just being true to the Bible, which is pretty violent." Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Yes, sir."
Homer Simpson responded "Waldo. Waldo."
"Hey, you want that once a year empty gesture. You got it, sis." Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "Well, I do like the extra money. But I think maybe you should stop exploiting human beings' private misfortunes."
Homer Simpson said "Hey... that's the same thing you said to Bart after he choked in that soccer game. And we both know he sucked."
Homer Simpson responded: "No, no! I'm not setting foot outside this house until that man is gone!"
"So, how was your day?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh, don't worry, honey. I guarantee your father will behave."
"You know, I think our marriage is...", Homer Simpson replied.
"You'd better be asking for something P.C.: pie or cake." Marge Simpson responded.
"Let's see what you have, Moe.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Do you know the hours I worked? The people I had to yell at? The tires I had to slash?"
Marge Simpson responded: "Omigosh! Maybe he was telling the truth about everything."
"All right, commercials!" Bart Simpson answered.
"Could so!", Bart Simpson replied.
"Bobo!", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Competitive eater? Did I hear right? I could be a competitive eater?", Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Yes... it seems they've started letting ethnics into the big leagues."
Bart Simpson replied: "No."
"Well, you'll be happy to know Malibu Stacey's fine. I really appreciate what you did, Dad." Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "I haven't lost so much sleep since little Barty had the scoots."
"Hey, you can level with me. You got a domestic situation?" Moe Szyslak replied.
Bart Simpson said "They say a boy never gets over seeing his Dad in a Santa suit getting hanged and electrocuted on Christmas Eve. I'll help you, kid."
Homer Simpson responded: "Step on his neck, and run like hell."
Homer Simpson said "Only five pancakes? You're trying to kill me!"
Bart Simpson answered "Yes, sir."
"Are you wearing sock garters?", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "You know, they look a little similar."
Homer Simpson replied: "Bike's over there."
Homer Simpson replied: "If I sign it, it still counts!"
"Marge, when I started prepping for the end of the world, everyone laughed at me.", Homer Simpson said.
"I don't know if we're gonna be able to get out. What are you writing?" Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "I guess."
Seymour Skinner said "I did it!"
Homer Simpson replied: "They are all against me! They all must die!"
"No I'm not.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Thank you. Now, it was one of our biggest celebrations...the nineteenth Sunday after Easter. We'd just had a rousing no-fun run and in the heat of the moment I wanted to offer my respectful best wishes." Ned Flanders replied.
"I'll take it!", Bart Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner responded: "Behold, the red planet."
"You're not going to the dentist!" Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Gee, you said you were gonna to make me look sexier, but it's awfully dark in here."
"Marge, please. I'm too upset to talk about it." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "Uh-oh, let's get out of here."
"I was thinkin' this could be A new fad." Bart Simpson responded.
"Then what do we win?", Homer Simpson said.
"Why you little...!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, Barty, I'm sorry. But your father and I think that three kids is just perfect." Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "Snow day!"
Marge Simpson replied "Well, I think you should get in touch with him. You know, just to congratulate him on his success."
Homer Simpson responded: "Too busy to reply, huh? I know how that goes. Well, I think I'll go lay out my clothes for the tournament."
Homer Simpson said "Because I want to be your hero. On top of which I don't look bald."
Homer Simpson said "You mean..."
"Oh Lisa, this must be a rough time for you. Do you have any friends or family you can stay with?" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Is it Lenny?"
"Don't tell me where I go. A dollar? What for?", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Marge, it's too late. The boy's ten years old! Let's focus our energy on Lisa and the other one."
"Lis, I've gotta talk to you.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "That's it. Left. Left. Steady as she goes."
"I brought you some weak tea and dry toast." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Uh!"
Bart Simpson said "Hi, I'm looking for a Mister Ron -- first name Moe."
Homer Simpson responded: "Whoa, whoa, this is gettin' kind of pricey."
"Homer, help!", Marge Simpson responded.
"Huh? Whuh?", Homer Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak answered: "You little S.O.B., if I ever find out who you are I'm gonna shove a sausage down your throat and stick starving dogs in your butt!"
Homer Simpson said: "Y'ello. Appear on your TV show?! Tell our side of the story?! You'll see us there?! Goodbye?! Dial tone?!"
Marge Simpson: "I'm sorry, doctor. He's just afraid you'll blame all my problems on him."
"Maybe someday you can do Lisa's wedding!", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "They can't charge me for something I use every day. What's next, a spatula tax?"
"...so then you delivered her baby right there in the elevator.", Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "What are you talking about?"
Marge Simpson: "Oh, I see."
Seymour Skinner responded: "Lisa, I'm afraid you've gotten all the extra credit we can give out. So Willie has been growing you a nice pumpkin."
Ned Flanders answered: "Hey, I made some Rice Krispy squares for our hungry deprogramerinos!"
Bart Simpson said "Please, your Honor?"
"Hey, come on! He doesn't have any money. Look at his clothes.", Homer Simpson said.
"Keep looking.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Yes. The way I figure it, he's due for a good performance."
"Well, we've managed to stave off cabin fever for a few hours." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"An old army buddy is visiting Mannix?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, why didn't you move to, sayyy... Bethesda?", Homer Simpson responded.
"I'm hiding from th-th-th-th-the ghost." Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh no! My favorite aggie!" Moe Szyslak said.
"You can't sell that. Karma can only be portioned out by the cosmos.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Taped and corked.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Doesn't it bother you that he orders you around like that?" Marge Simpson said.
"The good news is, we need no longer fear vicious mob reprisals.", Seymour Skinner said.
Bart Simpson said: "Fresh!"
Moe Szyslak responded: "Oh I need some coffee before I black out. Homer, pass me the sugar."
Lisa Simpson replied "Rice? Why not caviar?"
"Uh, just a few Venn diagrams." Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "Here you go... Just kidding. Here you go... Just kidding."
Homer Simpson responded: "But won't you be jealous, my love?"
"Oh Grampa!" Marge Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders replied "Well, we all changed our minds."
"Well, it was my major." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "Yeah, who'd possibly be late on meat loaf night?"
Lisa Simpson answered: "I reached him."
Marge Simpson replied: "You what?!"
Homer Simpson answered "Venting prevents explo-si-on. This is hard. Where's my Tab? Okay then -- yes. Vent the stupid gas."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Kirk? Don't you have something to tell her?"
Homer Simpson: "Of course!"
"Hey you know what? I got a different poem for yaz.", Moe Szyslak answered.
Lisa Simpson responded "It's so impressive."
Homer Simpson responded "Aw Marge, I bet you've gotten that out of your system."
Bart Simpson responded "Every time the sinner screams in pain, the scream blows this windmill, which pumps even more piranhas into his aquarium underwear... causing more screaming."
Homer Simpson answered "Wow, Moe. Great shrub costume."
"Forgive me for this.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "Huh?"
"Help! Curtail my ascent! Curtail it, I say!" C. Montgomery Burns said.
"It seems Ari's been having terrible worker problems at Shelbyville." C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Polo!" Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "Children, bedtime."
Homer Simpson responded "I don't wanna go to that."
"I should be able to run over as many kids as I want!", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Yo ho ho and a bottle of fun!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Aw, dammit!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Ultimate Punching is exploitative, violent and a bad influence on our young people. Studies have shown your mother is right."
Homer Simpson replied "Don't lose hope, sweetie. I'm gonna write you a song so great, you can't lose. And that's not just the beer talking. Your father's in here too."
Homer Simpson said "well, that's it. We've visited every section including Churro County, Toonton Abbey...but you know what we haven't had here? I'll tell you: fun. The kind of fun attractive families have in commercials."
Homer Simpson said "Emojis. Now she's gone too far."
"There's got to be a challenge out there worthy of me.", Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "Oh, then you must think I'm a monster."
Marge Simpson responded: "Homer, shouldn't you go pick up Grampa?"
"What's your system?", Bart Simpson responded.
"Yeah, well, if you get a grown-up, then so do we. I pick my Dad.", Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "Well I wasn't sure, so I got both. Who knows her little Milhouse?"
Marge Simpson said: "Lisa!"
"There you go again -- you act all nice and then you go crazy.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Fill the board then wash my car." Bart Simpson said.
"Cool, the strong kicking the weak's butt." Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "Bart Simpson's stolen cell phone -- can I help you?"
Marge Simpson responded: "Kitty cat!"
Bart Simpson answered "Dad. Dad! You really want to get rid of this trampoline?"
Homer Simpson answered "Was that Tobey Maguire?"
Moe Szyslak answered "Aw that's great -- wonderful bunch of kids."
"Okay, Fission Week kicks off on Monday with a reception by the International Proton Council. Word is, protons are the new electrons.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Remarkable.", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Guys? Guys!"
Bart Simpson replied: "C'mon, Dad! The team's arriving!"
Bart Simpson responded "Gun it, Flanders!"
"All right, I'm sick of waiting." Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered "Homer..."
Ned Flanders answered "Now you can shatter my orbital bone! That'll knock the wax off my candle!"
"Nooooo!", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "He's saying goodbye to his wife."
Bart Simpson answered: "Whoa! No! Don't eat me! You don't know where I've been!"
Lisa Simpson said: "I sure am. Look!"
"Hey, what about me? I'm a lowly maggot!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak: "It's Uncle Moe's Play Tavern, with classic drunk Barney. Look, even the little toilet is broken."
"No, ma'am.", Lisa Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Yeahh! Nice shot, Homer!"
Bart Simpson responded: "Well, what do you know? I'm relieved."
"Dad wasn't even around on Christmas morning when I actually got to meet Santa Claus. Some father... Wait a minute.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "Sure."
"Ehhh, maybe this was a mistake.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Thanks! I'd love an omelet right about now."
Moe Szyslak said "Except stand up."
"Homer, are you spooning that snack?", Marge Simpson replied.
"I see. I am well and truly hated. However, you will change your tune when you see the legacy I'm leaving behind me." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"How'd you get wise to us?" Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "Ow! You are such an immature-- punch buggy white!"
Marge Simpson replied "What's wrong with this phone? It's making crazy noises."
Homer Simpson replied: "Hello, Dean? You're a stupid head."
Bart Simpson responded "My pleasure."
"Dad, don't you want to turn around and see the tower?" Lisa Simpson said.
"Go on...", Moe Szyslak responded.
"Any time, chummmmm...p.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Barney.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Dad... am I bad on the inside?", Bart Simpson replied.
"Seen it. Seen it. Seen it. Seen it. Ugh! Soccer. Seen it." Homer Simpson replied.
"Hey, tomorrow night, how about making some of your patented pork chops?", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Well, we used to date. Plus, he threatened me."
Bart Simpson said "Doody. Booger."
C. Montgomery Burns said "Certainly. Oh, it was a beautiful day. The sun was shining. I was driving to the orphanage to pass out toys."
Homer Simpson replied: "If that boy thinks I'm paying to put him through four years of puberty, forget it! Stupid kids... think I'm made of hormones..."
"And our marriage, with his latest invention -- the snore converter.", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "What are you talking about?"
"Could you scooch over a bit?" Homer Simpson said.
"Hey, Homer, phone call.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"Cut it out, boy!", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "Dang, I wish I could. But in August, our chain gang has to dig for tar."
"They'll be fine in half an hour." Homer Simpson said.
"I really think this is a bad idea.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Now that's a broken man.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "A half-brother?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh, I guess I should speak to the executor of his estate."
"Until then!" Seymour Skinner answered.
"Flat tire? No problem!", Homer Simpson said.
"Wanna play some air hockey?" Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Thanks, Mom."
Lisa Simpson said: "Not talking, eh Willie? Just listen, then. I think I figured out what sets off that big ape Francine... Willie? Willie?"
Marge Simpson said: "Okay with no friends. That's the saddest thing I can imagine my daughter saying to me."
"I kill me.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "All done! I swept the aisles and put all the collection plates in the dishwasher. Oh, and you wouldn't believe how many dead pigeons there were in the organ."
Bart Simpson answered "Os-os."
"Yeah, after I stopped drinking, this was a way to stay close to my bottles.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Way to go, Buck. I feel my faith growing anew."
"Homer!" Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Are you saying the end justifies the means?"
Marge Simpson said "Yes, you may."
Lisa Simpson answered: "What happened to the ref?"
"But I didn't read my poem!", Lisa Simpson said.
"Ahhh, smell that unpolluted air! Y'know, I'm glad we're in exile." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Gator Gulch?", Homer Simpson responded.
"What a dump!", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Okay, okay. I love Bart. Well..."
Moe Szyslak answered: "Aww! Ah, my poor bar. It's all gone."
"Fluorescent...", Lisa Simpson said.
"Can we?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Political what?"
"Homer, I'm your best friend, but I've gotta say, I've never seen him be anything but a perfect neighbor." Marge Simpson replied.
"How 'bout you, me and my wife have a two-way?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Poor Santa's Little Helper, he's overworked." Bart Simpson answered.
"All right.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "Blue roses!"
Homer Simpson answered: "But Marge, I don't want you to ever stop caring about me."
Homer Simpson responded: "Observe, boy. The secret is to take tiny bites, like so:"
"Ah, Ethnictown. Where hard-working immigrants dream of becoming lazy, overfed Americans.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh please take me back. The dating scene is a nightmare. I'm begging you!", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered: "All right, Broadway's too expensive, the museums are over-curated -- but Shakespeare in the Park is tonight, and the tickets are free!"
Homer Simpson responded "No."
"Oh, good old predictable Lisa! I knew her conscience was a ticking time bomb." Seymour Skinner replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "My son is an evil knight! The most successful evil knight in all the Earthland Realms! Not bad."
Seymour Skinner responded: "And finally, the bake sale to raise money for the car wash has been canceled, due to confusion. Well, that concludes this morning's announcements. I'm Seymour Skinner and stand by to resume learning in five, four, three, two, one..."
"Hmmm. A place to dock, eh? I got room -- I have a back yard that makes my front yard look like an idiot.", Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Don't worry, Smithers, he's playing hard ball now. But it won't take him long to crack."
Homer Simpson answered "Whooo!"
Homer Simpson answered "Krusty's gone nuts..."
Bart Simpson said: "No I didn't, Dad."
"That's impossible!", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "Oh no, the broccoli!"
"Wait. I'm to blame, Judge. You see, I was pressuring my wife to make love in front of our son... you're gonna laugh when you hear this... when suddenly..." Homer Simpson said.
"And she's teleconferencing the Devil using that computer from Hell!", Ned Flanders answered.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "How the hell should I know?"
"Lousy message.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Lisa, you ruined my barbecue. I demand you apologize this second!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Uh, could you edit that last part out?" Homer Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders: "Gambling, eh? Satan's most potent recruiting tool!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Spaz."
Homer Simpson said "Two."
Homer Simpson replied "Zoomy, zoomy, zoomy Dateline, Nebraska."
"Excuse me, ma'am, but I ain't never seen a normal stand up for us.", Moe Szyslak responded.
Ned Flanders answered: "Well sir, I guess I better refenestrate ya."
Homer Simpson responded "I see. Well, maybe you're not ready for this book. It is more of a big girl thing."
Homer Simpson answered "Me and Bart'll take Hugh out on the town this afternoon."
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "What's wrong with Crippler?"
Lisa Simpson answered: "We'll take your word for it."
"Oh please, please, this is my life we're talking about here. Please..." Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, I don't know that she's as attractive as Jack Nicklaus...", Marge Simpson responded.
"A-- Wait a second. I'm not saving you unless you promise to get that rats' milk out of the schools.", Homer Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders responded "That's what Maude used to say."
Homer Simpson replied: "Good going, son. But remember, most lynch mobs aren't this nice."
Lisa Simpson said: "Dad, I think that's pretty spurious."
"Tonight, you shall be at my right hand in Heaven.", Homer Simpson replied.
"We've heard the same story two times now. Whose side are we gonna hear next? The Sea Captain's?", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Oh, I can't take his money... I can't print my own money... I have to work for money... Why don't I just lie down and die?"
"Shut up.", Homer Simpson responded.
"But I like the nice things you said about me.", Homer Simpson responded.
"I guess we're just not cut out to be writers." Bart Simpson said.
"Point of odor. Lisa stinks." Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Young man, you're coming home with me this minute."
Bart Simpson said: "Get out of my face, cootie breath! I did miss you. You stink! Come over Saturday. I'm gonna have to push you in the mud now."
"Why does my death keep comin' back to haunt me?!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Seat belts?! Pfft! They kill more people than they save."
"This house has such beautiful wainscoting." Marge Simpson said.
"Marge, did you know that Kennedy and Lincoln had the same handicap?", Homer Simpson answered.
"WE BUILT THIS CITY / THIS KICK-ASS CITY / WHAT KIND OF MUSIC BUILT THIS CITY?" Homer Simpson answered.
"It's the Rapture. And I never knew true love.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Don't you think you should get a little fresh air and maybe some exercise?"
"Milhouse? Milhouse?", Homer Simpson replied.
"I have a question." Bart Simpson responded.
"Hey, everybody, if you want to ask Burns for a favor, now's the time! He's doped up or dyin' or something!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Leave me alone."
Marge Simpson answered: "Well, here's what happened..."
Bart Simpson answered: "What'd you do with all the loot?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Marge, you can stand there finding fault, or you can knit me some seat belts."
"Sitting in a coffee shop -- I couldn't feel more like a real writer! Oh, Better set up my wi-fi in case I need to do some research! But if I'm gonna use their free internet, I really should buy something.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "What I'm saying is, all we have to do is go down to the pound and get a new jazzman."
"What is he, blind and deaf?" Bart Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Look, there it is! The head!"
"A pool table? Are you mad? I'm not gonna turn his home into a saloon.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson said "Son, girls come and go. But you'll always have your family."
Lisa Simpson replied "Uh, I was just trying to find Dave Barry's column."
"I'll never have that problem again.", Ned Flanders answered.
"Homer, what's going on down there?", Marge Simpson responded.
"Fine.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Sorry.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "That's my cell phone."
"Look at those delightful children, Smithers... all those healthy organs, ripe for the harvesting.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Bart!!!" Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "That's not true, he left it on the bus."
"Thank you. I owe it all to Zhenya." Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "No!"
Homer Simpson responded "I DO!"
"Kids, this place has very special memories for your mother and me." Homer Simpson replied.
"Beat it! I got no room for cheapskates." Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson said "Hero away!"
"Stan, tell you what -- Homer Simpson here is just about the biggest Atom fan that's ever graced God's green earth. I bet he'd enjoy it, even more than me." Ned Flanders replied.
Lisa Simpson replied: "It's a gift from Mapple!"
Homer Simpson answered "Deal!"
Marge Simpson: "No, I don't."
Homer Simpson answered: "Just try it for two weeks. If you're not completely satisfied, you can be Busty St. Claire."
"Bart, when you were on that stage, it felt like you were pouring those notes right into my heart." Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "Yeah, Mom. I need something great. Milhouse has footage of himself falling down the stairs."
Marge Simpson answered "An oogli-boogli!"
"What did I say about pointing out the meaninglessness of things?" Marge Simpson answered.
"Now... Enlevez le ballast!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Uh... sure.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson: "MISTOS AND LATTES AND GRANDES AND VENTIS / BROWSING AT BOOKSTORES WITH FAT COGNOSCENTIS!"
"Where did you come from?", Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns said "And now to present the award, here's former heavyweight champion, Smokin' Joe Frazier."
"You see? I'm finally thin enough to wrap this thing around my arm." Homer Simpson replied.
"Bart...? Are all these children friends of yours?" Marge Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner answered: "Finally, this town will have a real claim to fame."
Bart Simpson said "Where'd you get those pajamas?"
Lisa Simpson replied "Bart, the entire town is howling for your blood, and before I join them I have one question: Today is my birthday -- you promised to get me something, and... and I'm afraid to ask."
Bart Simpson replied "So, anyway, can I, Mom? Can I take the job?"
"You haven't bested me! I will find a way to shatter that shale!" C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Oh, Homie. I'm so glad you're all right." Marge Simpson answered.
"No.", Bart Simpson said.
"For every one of my cartoons that you erase, I rip up a family vacation photo. And just so you know I mean business, here's an ear!", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Uh-oh-boh-boh."
Marge Simpson answered: "I'll have to say drugs, too."
"Hey boy, where'd you get that hat?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Uhmm...", Bart Simpson replied.
"I'm hot... so very hot...", Homer Simpson answered.
"I don't know why I ever married that woman." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "It's allll good."
"Excuse me. We can't find our seats. Marge and Homer Simpson." Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "Man, I wish I was an adult so I could break the rules."
Ned Flanders responded: "Well, children, it's Saturday night, so what say we let our hair down and play Bombardment..."
Homer Simpson answered "Shut up, Net Face."
Moe Szyslak answered: "Hey, why ya mockin' me? We're friends."
"Oh yeah!" Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "Ho, ho, you'll see."
Homer Simpson responded "So precious..."
Homer Simpson replied: "Okay, how about this? Seven, four three one... oh wait, that's my pin number. Everyone forget that."
"What is it, son?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Mind if I take him for a ride?", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded "Ap-cray."
Bart Simpson responded: "THIS COULD BE THE START OF SOMETHING BIG..."
"Bart? Bart, are you here?", Marge Simpson responded.
"Young man, I'm gonna be on you like a numerator on a denominator!" Seymour Skinner answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "/ Oh, he got overthrown!"
"Pretty big crowd.", Bart Simpson said.
Ned Flanders responded "I don't blame you for being upset with me, Homer. I just wanted to give you this letter. I'll leave now."
Homer Simpson: "Tragically, yes."
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Yay!"
"Fine. Your generation did its part when it won World War Two and created the Rockford Files. I've got this one.", Homer Simpson responded.
"And here's the worst part: I never get any time alone with my wife because we're all sleeping in the same room!", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Why won't they come over? I'm so lonely."
Homer Simpson: "Hello, little girl, is your mommy home? You'll need to ask her for five dollars to buy Mr. Bouncy Best-Friend."
"It's probably the person you least suspect!", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "My name is Bart Simpson. I have to talk to you about your dog."
"Homie, I bet you're wondering why I stayed on the computer until four a.m." Marge Simpson answered.
"Lobster hat... Fishnet Speedo, Jr... Wheelie Shoes... invisible dog leash. Well, I'm packed.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "We'll never sell this rotten dump."
"How come things that happen to stupid people keep happening to me?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Gee, Artie. Artie wait. I don't know. I mean, it was it was a beautiful evening. Let's not ruin it." Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh man, is it hot in here! I better take off my sweater.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Yeah, Mom, you promised!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Um, so... tell me about your day." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said: "Ooh, look, Maggie, what is that? Do-dec-ah-edron. Dodecahedron."
Moe Szyslak answered: "Fine."
Homer Simpson replied: "Boy, this intersection is dangerous! Someone ought to put a stop sign here."
"I'm sure someone will come back to tell me where they went. If I go inside they might not find me." Seymour Skinner answered.
"Yesss, tickling.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Gods, eh?"
"Oh yeah?! How long since you've had a baby?", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "You were pocket-dialed!"
"Look, we can sit here all day and play the blame game, or we can start freaking people out. C'mon, where's your freak bus?" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Hm. Alcohol fueled car."
Marge Simpson: "Well, I'm going to have a talk with them. Where are their worldwide headquarters located?"
"How's it goin', Homer?", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Hey boy, since you don't need a bedroom any more, I finally get my man cave." Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, my." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "So this is okay, I mean everybody does it, right?"
Lisa Simpson said: "I hope you're happy. You all just wasted your time working your way into an afterschool class."
"My bosoms came in and ruined my balance." Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Waaaaaaaah!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Marge, I'm getting' out of the break-up business and I don't know if I'll ever sleep soundly again."
Bart Simpson replied: "Stand back!"
"Yeah, yeah, what'll it be?" Moe Szyslak responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Oh. Okay. So I'll, uh... okay."
Homer Simpson replied: "Okay, no big deal..."
"Yeah, but none of my friends can watch me.", Homer Simpson said.
"Sixty-four, sixty-five, sixty-six..." Lisa Simpson said.
"Homer? I'm-- you!", Marge Simpson said.
"Marge, I don't know what this is, but sometimes you've just gotta go with your gut." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Lisa?! Lisa?! Li-sa?!"
Moe Szyslak said "You sure you don't want a nice piece of fish, or to finger the drapes a little?"
"Aw. Just like on TV." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "The pillow acted as a girdle."
Bart Simpson responded "I'm keepin' it real."
"Well, at least I'll die the American way. In a foreign country wearing short pants." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "I'M EVERYTHING YOU NEED /"
"Hey Einstein , how much for the mood pants?", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "Well, okay."
"Gold! Wait, this is just chocolate. Chocolate!" Bart Simpson said.
"Mom?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "Willie, I didn't know you were an apiarist."
"Mason, come see my room!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Oops."
Homer Simpson said: "Can't be late for Lisa's big day..."
Homer Simpson said: "Just what are you inferring?"
Lisa Simpson: "Chauncey!"
Marge Simpson answered "Jack Ruby was a man, not a jewel."
Marge Simpson replied: "Happy Love Day, everyone!"
"Sweetie, don't worry. I'm gonna come back so horny and angry...", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, like what you see, huh?"
"What about me?" Bart Simpson answered.
"Stop that. I love my wife and family. All I'm gonna use this bed for is sleeping, eating, and maybe building a little fort. That's it." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "I thought you might be cold, honey, so I put this chinchilla coat on you."
"Oh no, wait, it's only four ninety-five. What's on your mind?" Moe Szyslak said.
"The police will catch you sooner or later.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "Okay, steady Bart. Taking ballet doesn't make you any less of a man."
Homer Simpson replied: "No."
"Yep, and it's your shot, son.", Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "We've heard enough about Blizblaz and Himham already! Get to the bloody point!"
Lisa Simpson answered: "You would mess up Mom and Dad's marriage just to get out of doing some homework?"
"Oh, the ol' greet 'n' toss. No problemo.", Bart Simpson answered.
"It all started on the thirteenth hour of the thirteenth day of the thirteenth month. We were there to discuss the misprinted calendars the school had purchased." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Uh... isn't this the kind of thing your mother's better at?"
"It's been four thousand days since my last drink. It was my first and last Blackberry schnapps." Ned Flanders replied.
"Just wait. We're coming to the site of our most romantic night ever!" Homer Simpson responded.
"The Wi-Fi! The Wi-Fi! I've got to take out the Wi-Fi!" Marge Simpson answered.
"If you think it's so easy to handle Bart Simpson, why don't you do it yourself?!", Seymour Skinner said.
"I guess we could get more involved in Bart's activities. But then I'd be afraid of smothering him." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Oh, it's true. I don't know Marge at all. I'll just go home now."
"Well, um, I was thinking of going vegan!", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Why do you always wait till the last minute to put up the lights?" Marge Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders said "Well, see ya 'round the mailbox, Marge."
Marge Simpson replied "Oh, my special little guy! We were so worried!"
"Isn't this dangerous?" Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "Liiiiisa!"
Bart Simpson replied: "He's out there playin' basketball!"
"Hey everybody! Up here!", Homer Simpson replied.
"There once was a rapping tomato / That's right, I said rapping tomato / He rapped all day / From April to May / And also, guess what, it was me." Homer Simpson answered.
"Ooohh..." Homer Simpson replied.
"I'll make it, Mom. Just tape my lunch box to my hand." Lisa Simpson said.
"Yeah, just like yesterday." Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders answered "Can you teach my boys? But no tickling the ivories. You treat them with respect."
Lisa Simpson said: "No!"
"Uh... Twenty-three dollars... and there's a can of beans in my car.", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "Bart, I spent all afternoon stuffing tuna fish into that steak. Have some."
Bart Simpson replied: "What discussion?"
"Let's not fight in front of my cool new friend.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Don't worry, son. I'll handle this.", Homer Simpson said.
"Homer, please don't sue the church. I'm asking you as your friend and neighbor." Ned Flanders responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Can't take the pain..."
Seymour Skinner said "I'M WALKING ON SUNSHINE / NOT LITERALLY / IT MEANS THAT I'M HAPPY / POST-COITALLY / IT WAS ON A SCHOOL NIGHT!"
"TOMATO!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak answered: "/ Very good."
Homer Simpson replied "G'night... Thanks for coming... We'll see you... Ba-bye... Well, I think that went pretty well."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Hello. My name is Lisa Simpson."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Did you know back in high school that she'd be such a star?"
"I can't believe you talked me into this.", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "And then when I told him about Lisa..."
"No, no, no! Musk, you tricked me!" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Homer Simpson responded "There must be some beer here somewhere... Ah, maybe in here."
"Wow, a secret staircase? But what do you do if somebody wants a non-alcoholic beer?", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Well, be that as it may...", Seymour Skinner replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Well, thank you, honey."
Bart Simpson answered "Hey, Houdini, why don't you saw Martin in half?"
"Homer Jay Simpson!", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Son, can I have cuts?"
Bart Simpson answered "Oh, yeah?"
"I haven't had a drink for a week." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Yes..."
"Dad...", Lisa Simpson answered.
"They paddled up the Mississippi from St. Louis..." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Hello, everybody. I'm Archie Bell and I'm also the Drells. We got a new song called, 'Tighten Up' and this is the music you tighten up with."
Bart Simpson answered: "Charlie, you'd rat on me?"
"Are you watching it?" Marge Simpson said.
"What about him?", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "To this school? On purpose? Even after Springfield Montessori opened across the street?"
"Well, he's got all the money in the world, but there's one thing he can't buy.", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Dad, you only took one course."
"A million bucks has changed stupider minds than yours." Homer Simpson answered.
"I hope you're happy, Bart. Thanks to your hi-jinx, I have to drive you and your friends to school." Marge Simpson responded.
"Look! The Crosstown Bridge!" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "And what would you like, little boy?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Here you go, honey."
Homer Simpson replied: "Hey you kids, stop kicking the seat!"
"Huhza?", Moe Szyslak replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Ten hi-ya-ya! And nine hi-ya-ya..!"
Homer Simpson responded: "The dog thinks so..."
"Oh God, I'm gonna be sick!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner: "Did they have to guess the date of my death?"
"As ordered by Principal Skinner and approved by student body president Lisa Simpson!" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "On the radio."
Homer Simpson responded: "Abra-ca-thumbra."
Marge Simpson: "Dear Christian God..."
Marge Simpson answered: "Grampa, I found your cigar box dug up in the backyard, but the gun wasn't there. Have you seen it?"
Bart Simpson replied "Well, I have to look good for tomorrow."
"Oh my, the house looks wonderful. Grampa, what's your secret?", Marge Simpson said.
"A rude Frenchman? Well, I never!" Ned Flanders answered.
Bart Simpson responded "Well, I guess I could say goodbye."
"Hey, that's my helicopter!" Lisa Simpson said.
"And when he brings a six-pack to my house, he doesn't take the extras home with him. Carl Carlson leaves them in the fridge." Homer Simpson responded.
"I repeat, no penalty!" Homer Simpson replied.
"I've created a fake Miss Hoover profile. When Lassen friends her, we'll know everything about him.", Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "Francis of Assisi ."
Homer Simpson: "So, he's going to prison?"
Lisa Simpson said: "...Hitachee Tribe.,hitachee tribe,2"
Homer Simpson responded "Goodbye, Maggie -- stay as sweet as you are."
Homer Simpson answered: "Hello-- Oh, great. Mormons."
Homer Simpson said "Hello. This is Chad Sexington, the model for Burly Paper Towels."
"No." Marge Simpson answered.
"Always love tryin' out new material on the road.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Mom and Dad are spying on you. There's a tracking chip in your cell phone!", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Clothes! We're saved!" Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Perfect!"
Homer Simpson replied "Yeah, it's clear to me now the best thing I can do as a parent is simply check out."
"Huh? I never looked behind this whatchamacallit case before.", Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner said "This isn't what I wanted! Where's the edge?"
Moe Szyslak said: "Hey, hey, Homer!"
Marge Simpson answered: "I want you to take that monkey back so he can be rehabilitated and get a second chance."
"What about Christian Archie comics?" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "And so, just as things looked their worst..."
"Is the remarkably sexist drivel spouted by Malibu Stacy intentional, or is it just a horrible mistake?" Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "Thank you."
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh, I'm so confused."
"Sorry, girl. I don't wanna get in any more trouble down here." Bart Simpson answered.
"I mean a thousand-year flood!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "They know I'm kidding."
"This is where stem cell research led us!" Bart Simpson replied.
"And when you're out of my sight, you must constantly Twitter me exactly what you're up to, even though I don't know what Twitter is and have no desire to find out." Homer Simpson answered.
"That's an awfully crowded classroom." Marge Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders answered "Look, if you want me to turn, just point. That w..."
Homer Simpson answered "I'm on it!"
Lisa Simpson replied "Chicks on the bench..."
"Paris?", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Hey, that's great. Listen, I need a new doubles partner. My little girl's a lead weight."
Marge Simpson said "There's nothing to be afraid of. They're all grown by the vegetable division of Union Carbide."
"I don't hear anything." Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "I need something for Show and Tell."
"Uh... nothing." Bart Simpson replied.
"Now, Homer. We've got steamed vegetables and rice cakes for you." Marge Simpson answered.
"I can't promise you victory. I can't promise you good times, but the one thing I do know..." Bart Simpson said.
"Oh, we're calling it day care.", Marge Simpson said.
"Hm... Krusty hotline." Bart Simpson replied.
"Well, I know when I've been licked. Sorry, Ned. This movie will never be seen again.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"I'm not a drunk!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Forget the pennies! Go! Go!" Moe Szyslak said.
Seymour Skinner responded "To get my mind off that ugly confrontation I went home and began bundling my old newspapers. But suddenly the pile fell. I was trapped. Let this be a lesson to recycle frequently."
Homer Simpson replied: "Tent, eh?"
Moe Szyslak responded: "Eh, what have I got to lose? They say for every man, somewhere on Earth there's one woman."
Homer Simpson responded "I'm sorry. I got carried away. From now on the only thing I'll ever do for you is co-sign if you want a gun. But at least I made Lisa popular."
"In the Ovenfresh Bakeoff, clever presentation is as important as taste. So I'm entering my dessert dogs!", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "You're Baby Stink-Breath! You're Baby Stink-Breath! En Francais! Vous Etes L'enfant Stink-Breath!"
Homer Simpson replied "Ohh, my son doesn't stand a chance! The whole world's gone gay!"
Marge Simpson replied: "Seems a little wasteful."
"Ah! Here we are! Here's a whole box of unsealed envelopes for the PTA." Seymour Skinner said.
Marge Simpson responded "You set out to fight an animal and you ended up saving its life."
"Switch stations!" Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "Thank God the kids aren't here."
Homer Simpson responded "Lisa, what are you doing?"
Seymour Skinner replied "Yes. It's a regional dialect."
Marge Simpson said "... And you're sure the Flanderses won't be there? Well, it sounds great!"
"What do we do now?", Lisa Simpson replied.
"I swear." Marge Simpson said.
"Son, you shouldn't watch that other channel. It's only for mommies and daddies who love each other very much. I want you to promise me you won't watch that channel ever again." Homer Simpson answered.
"And look at this. A cheese grater!", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "There's nothing to it. Give me those heels."
"Yeah?" Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "Hello?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Well... most of it."
Homer Simpson replied: "Hey! That's a printer port, not a finger hole."
Bart Simpson replied: "C-c-can I sleep in there with you guys tonight?"
"Uh huh." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "Keep pitching, I'll be back."
"I can't stand to see one of my female children unhappy. I'm gonna go pound some sense into that ring-linking rabbit-yanker!", Homer Simpson answered.
"What the? No one can see you.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Don't worry, Dad. Mr. Smithers is a resilient man. I'm sure he can get a great job at any corporation he wants.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "Homer, do you remember the way you acted at the party last night?"
Marge Simpson responded "I don't know if I like you reading all those cardiology books."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Did anyone stop that robber?"
"You can come to my church.", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Ned, I'm not afraid!", Marge Simpson said.
"Oh, look at that, a shoe box house. Lisa, you're so clever.", Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Thanks for not letting me give up, Dad."
Homer Simpson said "Now the movie's turned into a play! Still good, though."
"Look at them. They've jumped on the one franchise I might possibly have considered thinking about becoming interested in. I'm not cut out for the world of business." Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "So to say thank you for all your sacrifices, we spent our family vacation fund on something that's just for you. Do you like it?"
"Read that back to me, Marge.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Well, that's a nice feature. Not much headroom, though...", Marge Simpson said.
"Oh, man.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Aw, please, it's the good life, Homer. Some of these boxers, they eat steak and lobster and salad bar all in a single meal!", Moe Szyslak answered.
Bart Simpson answered "Mo-ommm..."
"I caught the cat burglar. I caught the cat burglar. That means you. You are the cat burglar.", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "ON A ONE-WAY TRAIN TO BE MILHOUSE'S BRIDE..."
Marge Simpson responded "No they didn't."
"Uh, that's it.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"One of those situations where...", Seymour Skinner replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Couldn't you come up with a less embarrassing lie?"
Ned Flanders answered: "Hey, why that sounds like Gabriel's trumpet. You know what that means, kids?"
Homer Simpson said: "Oh, I'll take it."
Bart Simpson responded: "Sideshow Bob really fills his shoe with big ugly feet."
"Too soon.", Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "Uh... Mr. Hutz?"
"Bart, you're not at school. Don't swear!", Homer Simpson responded.
"If Lassen can't light that thing, he'll be humiliated. What good is an Ignis who can't blaze the guy?", Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Sure they do. If magic was real, I'd use it to get out of my pipe cleaner art project that's due tomorrow."
Homer Simpson responded: "In my business I try not be seen. I'm scary good at it."
Homer Simpson replied "Um... remember that Corvette I had?"
Lisa Simpson replied: "My brother is about to meet fear, and as usual, he won't pass."
"Okay. To save the manatees, I guess I could donate my time and money and help them build a... eh, screw that.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Bart? Bart who? I'm being cute."
Ned Flanders said: "...Abraham became the father of Isaac. Isaac became the father of Jacob. Jacob became the father of Judah and his brothers. Judah became the father of Perez and Zerah by Tamar."
Homer Simpson responded: "This is my son and if he doesn't want to wear one you can't make him!"
"Lenny! It's me, Homer!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, this'll be good." Homer Simpson responded.
"C'mon, pick up, pick up! I know you're there.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Eh, she seems nice. I'm gonna go with my gut and trust her.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Hey man, this job is too dangerous.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Marge, you awake? Marge?"
"...and, finally, the little spot under your nose. Next, we take some toilet paper, tear off some teensy little squares, and stick one there, and there, and any place you're bleeding. There and there. Don't worry, the blood will hold it right on your face. Now, some aftershave.", Homer Simpson said.
"Uh-oh.", Bart Simpson answered.
"This Squishee is awful!" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "I'm aware of that."
"Good to see ya. Well, gotta pick up my old man! 'Bye!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Useless? This flash cube has two flashes left!"
"I dunno, Mom. I think they're up to something..." Lisa Simpson answered.
"No TV on a smart phone!", Marge Simpson responded.
"There was a bunch of old paint cans in their garage, though." Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "C'mon, Dad. I've seen you hit the toilet from here."
"But talking about the problem is the first step towards the solution, right?", Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders responded: "Oh, it's crying out to cook up some good eatin'."
Bart Simpson said "You're here, aren't you?"
"Cool, a carpenter's library!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Wha...?!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Ooh, family trees -- the charts representing genealogical relationships in a branching structure!", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Gee, with all that travel, you probably haven't had much time to find that special someone." Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh, she'd never go. She's a vegetarian." Homer Simpson said.
"No problem.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Ohhh... get out of the corner!"
"Gee, maybe they mean it this time. From now on I guess I'd better straighten up and fly...", Bart Simpson answered.
"Bart! Shut up or I'll shut you up!" Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Those horn-dogs -- they ditched us again! You know what this means?"
Bart Simpson said "We don't need your website. We can make anything into guns."
"My goodness. You're beautiful." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "Milhouse, I'm not gonna take dog doo that's been on the dirty ground and put it on my face. I have a better idea."
Ned Flanders said "What are we gonna do, Homer? My kids are gonna be traumatized! And then there's Maude. And then there's Maude!"
"Mom! How can you leave us with this maniac?!" Bart Simpson responded.
"Swell." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Wait a minute. You don't want the truck, I need a job, you need money, I'm flush with severance pay..."
Lisa Simpson said "I thought so. Oh, Bart, you..."
"Okily-dokily." Ned Flanders replied.
Homer Simpson said "To rock!"
"No one expects you to do anything difficult. They understand you're too old." Lisa Simpson said.
"Lisa, Lisa, your suspicions are important to me and will be answered in the order received. MacARTHUR PARK IS MELTING IN THE DARK / ALL THAT SWEET GREEN ICING ROLLING DOWN / SOMEONE LEFT MY CAKE OUT IN THE LI-LI-LI-LI-LI-LI-LI-LI- LI... LI... LI... LI...", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "I know, and it doesn't get any easier from here. There's the Tongue-Kissing Festival... Cinco de Ocho... The Hobo Oscars... days just made for lovers. Not widowers, lovers."
"And people will remember you were there?" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Yes!"
Marge Simpson responded "Because you're doing your homework and you don't look happy."
Homer Simpson replied "Wow."
"Oh baby.", Homer Simpson said.
"Well, there it is..." Marge Simpson answered.
"What?" Bart Simpson responded.
"Pickle, carrot, tomato. Pickle, carrot, tomato. Pickle, carrot, tomato." Homer Simpson responded.
"Time to punch in.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "I can't decide. I throw myself on the mercy of the food court."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Hold that thought. I'm tuning my saxophone. Sharp. Flat. Sharp."
Bart Simpson said "Milhouse, please."
"I'm impressed that you were able to write so legibly on your own butt.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "We're lumberjacks!"
Marge Simpson said "Selma, I never realized you wanted a child so badly."
"Oh. What do you produce?", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Okay... okay... okay... okay... okay... okay... okay. Okay, you're saying that Ned and me married you two?"
"A carnival? What's so romantic about this?" Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "Well, you're still my hero."
Homer Simpson responded: "You brought a convict to live here, near my unpatented idea?"
"I'm annoyed with you, Mother. Not just annoyed... Angry! I'm a grown man now! And I can run MY OWN LIFE!!", Seymour Skinner responded.
"Yes, I hate when things get worn out... hmm... socks... welcomes..." Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "I sure would! Let me just get us some iced tea."
Homer Simpson replied: "Huh? What?"
"You're phony! Fakey phony broad!", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "Buck McCoy."
"On triangle, Martin Prince.", Seymour Skinner replied.
"Well, Marge?" Ned Flanders responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Nobody loves you..."
Homer Simpson answered: "If you're my wife's secret lover, come in. There's nothing I can do for her anymore."
Homer Simpson replied "Marge, to keep you in my life, I'd do anything. There must be some way to turn my problem into a positive for the community."
"Shut up!" Marge Simpson replied.
"What?" Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "Take this back to the dealer?"
Homer Simpson replied: "That's it? That's the college fund we've been saving for all these years?"
"Dad, if I join a clique, I'll be the kind of person I hate.", Lisa Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Ooo, there's a big one. And it has freedom written all over it."
"Culture's in decline! Deal with it!", Bart Simpson said.
"Thank you mysterious stranger... where did he go?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Oh! Oh! Why you-- Hey you-- You better-- I'm gonna-- If you k--", Homer Simpson replied.
"Canned and frozen juices are more popular than ever these days. But most bachelors we know would prefer to squeeze their own tomatoes.", Bart Simpson replied.
"You always go with your gut. This time, why don't you listen to your brain?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Homer!", Ned Flanders answered.
Homer Simpson answered "YOU ONLY LIVE ONCE."
Lisa Simpson answered "Gramma!"
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Oh, for the love of... Hurl this at that."
Homer Simpson said: "Well, I better get going -- this is startin' to feel a little churchy."
"Should I have my father arrested?" Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "No, I just like to dress up to eat my carrots and smoke."
Lisa Simpson replied "I can't believe you're all giving up without a fight."
Homer Simpson: "He still has my sweatshirt."
"Tell us more about you and Marge.", Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "C'mon!"
Homer Simpson said: "I only did that a couple of times."
Marge Simpson responded: "I'm not being trampled. What gives?"
"Sniff that other dog's butt! See, he does exactly what I tell him.", Bart Simpson said.
"Yes, we've waited many years, but the good Lord has finally blessed us with a real family." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "Johnson's Water Seal."
Bart Simpson responded "Mom! It's not funny if I can't hear the cats drown in their own barf!"
Homer Simpson responded "Now I have to face stupid reality again!... Flanders! My socks feel dirty! Gimme some water to wash 'em!"
"I'm Lisa. One word." Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "Now, I asked you here because I know a cool grownup who will take you to that club in the city."
Bart Simpson answered "Don't you see, Milhouse? We've gone too far. We need Skinner back."
"Oh yeah. You were way off.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, Kent, I'd be lying if I said my men weren't committing crimes."
"Hey, Dad. My band finally got a break. I just need a little moolah to get my amp outta hock. How about a little loanski?" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Then that's what I'll do, smart guy."
Homer Simpson said: "Sorry about that, pal."
"I swear Bart didn't know what he was doing. He was deaf!" Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "They're gonna take Dad! We gotta do something!"
Bart Simpson: "He's an acerose."
"And... action!", Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered: "So they did the right thing -- my quest is fulfilled! Our family has heroes!"
"Yes. You see, you're a left-hander. And so is the pitcher. If I send up a right-handed batter, it's called playing the percentages. It's what smart managers do to win ballgames.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Cough syrup. Nothing but plain, ordinary, over the counter children's cough syrup!"
"One random disorder free with every schizophrenia." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "What the..."
Bart Simpson replied: "My Gramma? I haven't seen her in years. She ran away."
"Yes, Roy.", Homer Simpson replied.
"WHERE DO I BEGIN? TO TELL THE STORY OF HOW GREAT A LOVE CAN BE...", Homer Simpson said.
"Where is he?", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "I think you know the answer to that."
"Well, call us if you need anything." Homer Simpson responded.
"You took a new job in a strange town without discussing it with your family?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Helmets are for wusses, Sir.", Bart Simpson said.
"Uh-oh.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Oh, that'll work out great. We're out of Lucky Charms.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Please Dad.", Bart Simpson said.
"Hello?... Yes... Oh, dear lord! Homer's in the hospital! They think it's his heart.", Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered "I bought you a ticket for the MyPad raffle, Dad."
Marge Simpson replied: "Actually, I was thinking we could cut down on your beer."
Marge Simpson responded: "Um... Deixar meu marido sozinho!"
"I'm sorry. But Heaven isn't Heaven without my family in it.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "Why don't we all take a five minute break? It'll clear our heads."
"It's true. I was in his platoon... But they said you were killed on that scouting mission!" Seymour Skinner responded.
"Come on." Moe Szyslak replied.
"Sure, I got my seatbelt on.", Bart Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Oh, I've known about the gem for years. You see, my dear girl, I joined the Freemasons before it was trendy. That's my eyeball on the dollar bill."
"What's haggis?", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Woop, woop, woop! Woop, woop, woop!"
"Okay, Burger King! Whatever! C'mon.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Thanks. When is she gonna stop loving me?"
Bart Simpson answered "Thank you. Thank you."
"Homie, maybe you should stop. We've talked about the gray zone..." Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "Oh my God, you look just like your dad!"
"A Lincoln Republican?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Who is he?!" Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "I knew it. It was all a dream."
"Son are you okay? I brought my home-made first aid kit. It's spring-loaded for quick access!" Homer Simpson responded.
"That just made it worse." Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded "I'm all for ethnic diversity, but this is just pandering."
"Oh, Marge... your names...", Homer Simpson answered.
"I thought you boys might like some milk and microwave s'mores." Marge Simpson responded.
"Well, it was a good ride while it lasted. C'mon kids. Let's go home.", Homer Simpson said.
"How fresh?" Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns: "It's fracking time!"
"If you need me, I'll be upstairs saying goodbye to my dreams.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Five.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Like this, Mr. Kravitz?", Homer Simpson said.
"I used Grampa's money to try to help someone in need. But it didn't go the way I expected.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "If I know me, he won't like being kicked in the crotch."
"I recorded that for private use!" Homer Simpson said.
"Oh my God, it's beautiful! Are you buying this?" Bart Simpson replied.
"Beautiful. G'night." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "Oh no! They're making beautiful music together!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Gotcha! It's April Fool's for two more minutes!"
Homer Simpson answered "Oh."
"ABC, CBS... uh-oh, the Christian Science Monitor has a flat tire!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "Oh dad."
"Yes!" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Can't we go home yet? My feet hurt. All this fresh air is making my hair move. And I don't know how much longer I can complain."
Homer Simpson answered: "I'll just sit here quietly."
"Yeah, maybe it was too soon." Homer Simpson replied.
"Just one." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Oh, I do. I'm just a little concerned about the kids. Maybe I should call." Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "He died, Bart. Dad buried him in the back yard. But not in that order."
"How can you take it? We haven't found it.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Look who's a little cowgirl!", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Okay, okay. It's your sugar, Bart."
Marge Simpson responded "Uh, I'm thinking of getting Maggie swimming lessons."
Marge Simpson said: "No, no, no, no, no, no -- I don't want the money back, I just came for my dog."
Marge Simpson: "Well... I'll tell you what. Why don't we invite Mr. Bergstrom to dinner?"
"Krusty's tired of having phonies around, pretending to be his friends. I'm sure he'll find plenty of people who'll like him for who he is." Bart Simpson replied.
"Hey, Homer, where ya goin'?", Bart Simpson said.
"I'm comfortable like this." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Two adults, two kids, and one senior with the mind of a baby so he should be free."
Homer Simpson responded "Oh, Flanders, I, uh, want to give you your stuff back."
"That's because you were drunk!", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "You have just been robbed by The Springfield Cat Burglar... Cute."
"Boy, are you lousy at reading minds.", Homer Simpson said.
"Dad! Dad! You're back! You're back!" Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Hey, they stole our idea! See, look!"
Marge Simpson replied: "That's why they took our kids so quick."
"All right, Dad, you've been warned. Let's go.", Bart Simpson said.
"Ow! Owww, my back. Dr. Steve didn't do anything.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Shut up! I'm just giving him CPR -- the kiss of life! And if anyone loves Bart it's Nelson.", Seymour Skinner replied.
Homer Simpson: "All right, son, we just knock over this dam and the noble Native Americans can reclaim the land that is theirs."
"I hope you never say a word." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "I'm on the grass apron!"
Lisa Simpson replied "No. Homework's not my father's specialty."
Homer Simpson responded: "Ahh, I love these real Saturdays. They're so relaxing. Not like that fake Saturday that almost got me fired."
Bart Simpson said: "Trade you my next turn for your dessert."
Moe Szyslak responded: "Yeah, I can't get Artie out of my head. He's like a spy in the house of Moe."
Bart Simpson replied: "Build a fart! I love it."
"Yeeesss. Well, as if our troubles weren't bad enough, Springfield was going through an unseasonable heat wave..." Marge Simpson said.
"I so wanted him to be gay." Marge Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders responded: "Maude, these new finger-razors make hedge trimming as fun as sitting through church."
"Ooh, a pull-down map of..." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Okay, don't shoot!"
"Here it is: The Harmless Chair of Relaxation!", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "You never watched an episode of Jimmy Kimmel in your life!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Lisa, look out behind you!"
Lisa Simpson answered: "Really?"
"Thanks, woo, it took a lotta grifting.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Ooh, it's that bar I like! Wait here in the car.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Yeah!"
"Okay. Flanders, you see..." Homer Simpson answered.
"What th..." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "It can't just be a bad day. I feel like I'm getting dumber by the minute."
"All right -- let me get my tool belt.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Flanders! You ate my jerky!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Dad, you shouldn't say the dog's dead when he's not." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Quit dragging me. When I grow up, I'm gonna drag you around and buy you clothes."
Marge Simpson said "I can't believe I'm saying this, but I'm starting to regret saying Yolo."
Seymour Skinner: "Well, that would be the complete dozen... All right. Rather than tempt fate, I'll move along now."
"Okay... and maybe you could cut back too." Marge Simpson replied.
"Okay, once more. Where are we going?", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "A sprout!"
"Mom, thanks to you, this box sucker didn't beat me up!", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "I need a hug."
Marge Simpson responded: "Ooh, look at that adorable spice rack!"
"But we're brother and sister.", Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded: "Oh, that's too bad."
"Ah, such an innocent time. Before cooties ravaged our community. How come we don't get together anymore?" Bart Simpson answered.
"Uh, Nelson... for someone who never goes to the dentist, you have pretty good teeth.", Bart Simpson responded.
"What! You can't hold me back. I'll do better, I promise.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Wayne, maybe it's the me being still alive talking, but I think you're awesome." Homer Simpson said.
"England is so classy. Every cab has its own butler.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Sanctuary!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Uh, yes. That must be it. This is the best of all possible worlds. Blah, blah, blah."
"Fine. Oh, I mean not good.", Homer Simpson said.
"But Mom, it's exactly what you wanted in a vacation. It brought us together as a family, we got a lot of good exercise outdoors, and we have so many memories." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh, I don't know about this dog. He's kinda... snooty."
"Where's all the money?" Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "What are you crying about? How cool they are?"
Marge Simpson responded: "I can't believe it. We won another contest!"
Marge Simpson answered "That's true. Will you forgive me?"
Homer Simpson replied "I guess you haven't heard of chloroform."
Homer Simpson answered "Here's how it's gonna go down. As a family, we drive away. We cover for each other -- as a family. It's what Gabriel would have wanted."
"What's the craziest thing on the menu?" Marge Simpson said.
"Shut up, boy. Cheap Chinese TVs... Why did I every buy... Is that better?" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Hmmm, let's see. You got the Elephant Man, Johnny Six-Arms, Papa Smurf... these guys are pretty cool. Maybe I am one of them. If only I had some kind of proof."
"Where's your keys? I'm takin' your car to work.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "As I said, I've lost all hope."
"Mmmmm.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied "Listen, we can trade Mr. Teeny for Bart. We just have to find a way to get him up there."
Bart Simpson said: "Yeah, sure you did."
"I thought he was an old clump of rags.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "Kids' show."
Bart Simpson responded "Mom, are you okay?"
"That's Laddie. Bart says he won him at a church carnival, two towns over." Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh. It can't be that many. C'mon, Apu. I'll be your tutor." Homer Simpson responded.
"I'll just use Homer's Triple A card.", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "Well, I never thought it would come to this, but I guess we'll have to sell Grandma's Civil War doll."
"Da-ad!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Hey, I created three kids, and no one's making a big deal of that.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Rich laughing with poor..."
Homer Simpson replied: "...I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, infinity. I never expected them to climb on the cabinet and ride it down the biggest hill in town."
Lisa Simpson responded "It's all so barbaric."
Homer Simpson replied "Shh! Marge, he's a good digger."
"Simpson!" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Hey, Apu, this bag of ice has a head in it.", Bart Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner responded "Not you. Never you. And due to budget cuts, until Edna comes back, I have no choice but to merge the school's two fourth-grade classes."
Seymour Skinner said: "No, I have two identical sets of these clothes."
"Bombardment. Bombardment. How do you like bombardment? I'll show him.", Bart Simpson said.
"Of course.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "That's not true! I thought about that girl every day of my life... until I met you."
Homer Simpson: "Aw, nuts! Extremely rare blood and I don't have it."
"Your family is invited to a free weekend at Stagnant Springs Spa.", Homer Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner answered: "That's crazy talk!"
Marge Simpson replied "So without the kids we can have sophisticated grownup talk."
"Wait! Dr. Hibbert!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"I just lost my appetite." Moe Szyslak said.
"Then came the greatest thrill of my life." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "I'm not thinking that!"
"Well, I think she's gonna like my hand-made birthday card better.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"ONE, TWO, THREE O'CLOCK, FOUR O'CLOCK ROCK. FIVE, SIX, SEVEN O'CLOCK, EIGHT O'CLOCK ROCK!..", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered: "No!"
Ned Flanders answered "Roger-dodger."
Homer Simpson replied "Flanders! Snap out of it!"
"No, n-n-no I know this is a-a-a tad unseemly, but if you'd just let me even out the back..." Ned Flanders answered.
"Oh Dad, I just spent the day with the most wonderful people.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"What a delightful practically-based joke." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson said "Please, you've got to open that store."
Seymour Skinner answered: "It was incredible, I saw heaven!"
"... They'll fill your lives with..." Ned Flanders replied.
Lisa Simpson said "Have you ever seen such exquisite Ushabtis?"
Marge Simpson replied "I knew they'd try to convert you! That's what they do! Well I'm not having another twelve kids."
Homer Simpson responded "W-well... It's a v-very generous offer, sir. But... his medical bills alone..."
Homer Simpson responded "Uh... I'd like some flowers."
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Where are the hounds when I need them?"
"Bart, stop that! Now, we may not have antique furniture, or priceless art work, but we have everything we need right here.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Hibbert's really losing it. We're going to Dr. Nick's." Marge Simpson said.
"They're for after dinner.", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Oh, no! Dad's been drugged!"
"Oh, I don't think they're gonna be that easy to lose. I mean these are professional lawmen and..." Marge Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "It's getting harder and harder to maintain my sunny disposition, Smithers."
Bart Simpson answered: "Hey, I just zinged you."
"Ew.", Homer Simpson responded.
"... And when ye tallow hardens, we remove it from yon mold.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "Hmm. Well, I'm proud of you. You're such a good provider. Kids, come on -- thank your father for the injections!"
Bart Simpson: "That's all you pay for screwing up a child for life?"
"It doesn't seem possible, but I guess TV has betrayed me." Bart Simpson said.
"...was in my hand..." Bart Simpson responded.
"Oh, Maggie, you're a Simpson again!" Marge Simpson answered.
"And now to sing you a lullaby my father sung to me:", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "And that's the life of Mozart. Thank God he died young. I've gotta get dinner on the stove."
Homer Simpson: "Thanks, Mr. Burns. I owe it all to walking."
"Eh.... the boy." Homer Simpson replied.
"But... the TV gave me the impression that..." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "Why does the guy have to do everything for the girl on Valentine's Day?"
"I hear what you're saying, Lisa -- nothing." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Hey, Willie. That old couple looks just like you."
Homer Simpson said: "My heart was in the right place, jerk!"
Marge Simpson answered "Oh, yes! As long as it's tasteful... And never at someone, or with... And not..."
Homer Simpson said "Forget that. I'm teaching my boy a lesson. Is she here or not?"
Homer Simpson: "Did you see Daddy dance? They all saw me dance."
Lisa Simpson replied "And at least we can take the extra income you've earned in the last few months and set it aside for a rainy day."
Lisa Simpson replied: "First place, here I come. Look out!"
"I'm so sorry I misjudged you, Mom. You had to leave to protect your family." Marge Simpson responded.
"Wait, wait a minute... wait a minute. Who's General Sherman?" Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak said: "Step away from the social media-enabled, peer-to-peer ride share platform!"
"My God, it's beauty-ful! I-I-I finally see the goodness in myself. C'mere, you.", Moe Szyslak responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Hmm, if this were a TV show that would be a helluva act break."
"Impossible! Their commercial featured a talking frog." Marge Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Ah, I'm a little busy, Homer. Ah, you can pour it yourself."
Homer Simpson said: "Oh, I'd love to, but someone made me too many pancakes and now I have to sleep them off."
"Tears of a clown.", Homer Simpson responded.
"It's not fair! It's not fair!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Marge Simpson said: "I don't know. Remember that New Year's Eve at Lenny's... he didn't even have a clock!"
Lisa Simpson answered: "...whatever the heck you're doing."
Lisa Simpson responded: "No."
Bart Simpson: "Dad, do something!"
"The milkshakes have vanished!", Marge Simpson said.
"Well, I like A.C.-D.C." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Mmmm, au jus! Not quite gravy, not quite blood..."
Marge Simpson said: "Homie, it's five p.m. We're having dinner."
"Hey, dinks. Whatcha dweebin'?" Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "It's not that I don't have a spiritual side. I just find it hard to believe there's a dead angel hanging in our garage."
Homer Simpson said: "Oh yeah, like people in New Jersey have never seen a fat man makin' out. It's on the freakin' state flag."
"Mmm-hmm. If you can take advantage of a situation in some way, it's your duty as an American to do it. Why should the race always be to the swift or the Jumble to the quick-witted? Should they be allowed to win merely because of the gifts God gave them? Well, I say, cheating is the gift Man gives himself." C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Really? I'm a Libra. There's a lot of compatibility there.", Seymour Skinner answered.
"It's Captain Bringdown and the Buzzkillers. If you're gonna make your move, you better do it quick." Bart Simpson answered.
"Big Daddy's trademark calling card. See, it's right here inside the skull.", Seymour Skinner answered.
"What?" Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "Red Lobster?"
"As if.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"That is the darnedest thing!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Huh?", Lisa Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak: "Made-up girlfriend, made-up city!"
"Oh, I hope I didn't miss the floor show...", Seymour Skinner answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Look Marge, I can tell something's bothering you. But if you come out of that car, I promise to do whatever it takes to make it better. Please, honey?"
"Dad, no!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Well, I've learned a lesson. Just because you're a lesbian, it doesn't make you less of a bein'.", Marge Simpson responded.
"We'll be safe here." Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "No, you fool. 'Tis I, Burns! Now come with me."
Bart Simpson: "I wish I was interesting like you."
Homer Simpson answered: "Ooh, the Mafia guy's all mad. Oh, what are you gonna do? Call your Godfather? Huh? Ooh, Godfather. Break it down!"
"Don't forget Maggie!", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "Like you!!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Bye bye, money!"
Lisa Simpson said "No."
Seymour Skinner replied "Whom do we send now?"
Bart Simpson said: "No thanks."
Homer Simpson answered: "Nurse it! Nurse it!"
"No, no, no, let's just keep playing. What's the score?" Marge Simpson said.
"Turn the television to what channel?" Homer Simpson replied.
"So, have you figured out who gets the money?" Homer Simpson said.
"We come now to the final and most terrifying painting of the evening. To even gaze upon it is to go mad.", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "I understand."
Homer Simpson answered: "Now--"
"Yeah." Marge Simpson responded.
"Lisa, honey, just because you're a girl doesn't mean you can't join in the fun. Maggie and I are washing the soiled foam fingers." Marge Simpson replied.
"Oh, of course. You're right, honey. I'll just um, I'll park it at the bar.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Oh! Ooh my - oh, the hell with it." Homer Simpson answered.
"Honey, I know you want to see Japan, but we're down to our last million yen." Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "There it is -- Wolfcastle's movie set."
"How come on your badge you got a mustache, but now you're not wearin' one, eh?", Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh really?"
"We have to disable its central processor! C'mon!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded "It was a diabolical scheme, and every member of his family played a part!"
"I... I don't want to talk about it.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Mmmm! Marshmallow!"
Marge Simpson replied: "Don't be so jealous, Homie, just because the kids are finally having fun doing something with me."
Homer Simpson responded "The one we just had about you doing bad things, you stupid kid! Ohhh."
Homer Simpson said "Hey, Barney, look. It was on my list, along with a lot of other things I didn't get to do today. Hey, my boss!"
Bart Simpson said: "I still can't believe it. They dusted the plate with a non-regulation brush, so we have to play the last inning over again."
Lisa Simpson responded "Krusty! What have you done to yourself?"
"Okay, I'll apologize.", Homer Simpson answered.
"God, I could really use a half-day." Seymour Skinner responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Marge, that's twice. I think you're spending entirely too much time with this woman."
"What the?" Homer Simpson responded.
"It was made from the pockets of the pocket fox, an animal that only existed for three weeks in the sixteenth century.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Marge Simpson responded "Really? Well, just for that I'm gonna erase all the saved games on your PlayStation."
Marge Simpson: "Oh, fine."
"Bart, what are you doing?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Did you hear that, Maggie-wags? You're a queen!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Running after the car, huh? Let's see if you can follow this."
C. Montgomery Burns: "Careful, Smithers, that sponge has corners you know."
"Hey, everybody, I've got a big surprise for you! Presenting: my mother!", Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders replied: "Godspeed, li'l doodle."
Marge Simpson replied "Zack, you're not trying to help our marriage, you're trying to split us up! I'd rather have a chubby hubby than a sexy exy!"
Homer Simpson replied: "I am not."
"School's starting, Bart. Aren't you excited? This year you learn about local history!" Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Hide the sports section!"
"Just tell her which friggin' button to push!", Marge Simpson answered.
"I can't believe that historic rock is gone.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Marriage encounter weekend, here I come!"
"Boy, this has gone too far -- I quit! As soon as I finish these oats.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Can't I even have privacy here?!"
Ned Flanders answered "Wait a minute -- you've got a medium and I've got a message. Maybe God brought us together for a reason."
Homer Simpson responded "See, Marge?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Mmmm...."
"What the-- faculty lounge talk out in the halls?", Seymour Skinner replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "What are you boys doing on the Foley stage?"
"So uh, where were we?" Moe Szyslak responded.
"Oh, this is for me.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Maybe so. But there's one thing they forgot to take away from us. This washcloth."
"What paper?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Is that so? Oh, Flan-ders! Won't you join me in my kitchen?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh Homie, if you feel so bad about yourself, there's always things you can do to feel better.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Mom, how could you do this to me?" Bart Simpson answered.
"Look, we'll compromise. We'll go see a play...that Lisa doesn't want to see.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Okay, we own 'em."
Marge Simpson responded "Those tadpoles are your lunch?"
Marge Simpson answered: "He's going to baptize our children?"
Homer Simpson: "Aw, thanks, Lenny. When am I gonna be initiated?"
Lisa Simpson replied: "Maybe because deep down, you know you don't believe in what you're doing."
Homer Simpson replied "Are you my guardian angel? If so, can you turn a pumpkin into a chariot? Even a used Camry would be okay."
Bart Simpson replied: "I don't even want to smell sparkling apple juice again."
"/" Homer Simpson replied.
"Yeah, yeah, yeah." Homer Simpson said.
"You poor thing! I've heard about those robes -- flapping everywhere. Girls, welcome to your very own Ned and Breakfast." Ned Flanders said.
"MICHAEL JACKSON STILL WAS BLACK..." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Okay, I know what'll cheer you kids up. Seeing me out-monkey the monkeys."
Homer Simpson answered: "Marge, he's laughing, that means he's happy. Has the Joker taught you nothing?"
"Yeah...", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Get off, you stupid dog!"
"A heavenly choir. You must be an angel!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Maggie, can you point to the credenza?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Did you raise the dead?"
"You think she would?" Ned Flanders answered.
"Unless you can give me a reason not to?" Ned Flanders responded.
Homer Simpson: "My implants feel itchy."
"Stop it! Stop it!", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Yes you are."
"I'm a horrible mother.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Bart! Leave some for Rod and Todd!", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "Yeah, go for the gold, Dad!"
Lisa Simpson answered "Forget it. To get those tickets our parents would have to be part of Springfield's cultural elite."
"Yeah, let's blow this pop stand and never look back." Bart Simpson answered.
"Oh, what's wrong?" Lisa Simpson said.
"Yeah, but corporate sponsorship cheapens our nation's treasures.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Aw, the Denver Broncos."
"Smithers, it's out of control.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Glaze, please." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Who?"
Bart Simpson answered: "Goodbye, college!"
Moe Szyslak replied "Zip it, Holy Joe."
"But Dad...", Bart Simpson responded.
"Bart, you can't actually call these places! Don't you know how expensive international calls are?", Lisa Simpson said.
"His foot is caught in my button hole." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Oh, thank God for the big jar." Homer Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders: "Uh-huh. Well, I... uh, I guess you could put a lot of nice things in there--"
"Look at her in there, washing her body..." Homer Simpson responded.
"Oops -- the Frisbee went into the bushes. Why don't you go find it?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Watch out, Radioactive Man!!!!!", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "I've eaten eight different meats. I'm a true Renaissance man."
"Obviously, yes." Lisa Simpson replied.
"I just don't want to be here, Dad. Besides, I started a fire this morning that I really should keep an eye on.", Bart Simpson said.
"You, look what you've done! My starting pitcher thinks he's a chicken! Make no mistake, I'm going to report this to the American Hypnotical Association.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Whoa, excellent haul!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Now I don't want it.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "I'm lost and I'm starving!"
Ned Flanders: "Well, nothing's perfect, I sure hate to make you come out here and not buy a house."
Marge Simpson: "Yes."
Bart Simpson responded: "But if the gumbamel should ramble, then stumble, then just hop atop a Krustiferous Krumbull. But then if that Krumbull should happen to tumble, just call your amigo, the bee man of bumble."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Well Bart, you really understand women."
"Close, but no cigar. Just plain diamonds." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "Mm, there's something odd about this beer."
"How about this guy?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Not Mr. Blasty?" Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner responded "What the...?"
"Do I have to sit up?", Homer Simpson answered.
"So as her teacher, I was wondering if you could tell me why Lisa has such trouble making friends." Marge Simpson replied.
"Just do it! Trust me!" Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "I'm sorry I ran off again. Oh, I guess Dad must be dead by now. When I get better, and after I've built those shelves for the kitchen, we'll visit his grave..."
"Chop, chop, dig, dig. Chop, chop, dig, dig. Chop, chop, dig, dig..." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded "I am not gonna be taken in by all of this."
Marge Simpson said: "Can we use your phone?"
Lisa Simpson said "We need to get teachers more involved! Have them meet with struggling kids in the morning before school."
Marge Simpson responded: "Thank you, honey, for opening my eyes."
Homer Simpson responded: "Fine."
"One square watermelon please." Homer Simpson responded.
"Nothing. Someone must have stolen it.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Marge, I never graduated from high school."
Bart Simpson answered "Aw man, it's like some chemicals cut one."
"I'M TALKIN' SPRINGFIELD / YOU CAN BUY CHIMICHANGAS / TALKIN' SPRINGFIELD / THE CHICKS HAVE BIG GAZONGAS" Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "I probably should have watched it first."
Homer Simpson answered "I'm not gonna surrender. You've seen what the U.S. Army does to prisoners. How would you like to be stacked naked in a pile with a hillbilly girl pointing at you and laughing?"
"Hello Maggie." Homer Simpson said.
"They called me old-fashioned for teaching the duck and cover. But who's laughing now?" Seymour Skinner answered.
"Who-o-oa! Who-o-oa! Who-o-oa!" Homer Simpson answered.
"... ..." Homer Simpson answered.
"Uh-oh, I'm feelin' a lotta cooties down there. We may need to replace a tooth.", Bart Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders replied "So! This is how you repay me, Adam!"
Bart Simpson responded "Ugh!"
Bart Simpson said "Okay. You got me. But I'm gettin' my dirt bike -- and you can't stop me."
Marge Simpson said: "Fine. But I don't want to sleep in the same room with that chest."
Homer Simpson: "God bless America!"
Marge Simpson answered "It's so good to be home again."
Ned Flanders responded: "Nope, they're all the same. Plain."
"That's what ballet is?" Homer Simpson said.
"Well, you see, boy. It never hurts to grease the wheels a little.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Ahh... Is that a fact? And you think you know someone.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "Locusts. They'll drive him nuts."
Marge Simpson replied "Someone should really go up there and talk to him."
"And me? Now, I'm just an average shnook like everyone else.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Not according to the internet!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Homer, this is a cemetery." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Don't worry. I am very good at keeping secrets."
"Well, it's been a tad harder than I thought, but I'm not complaining 'cause I work for a sweet, sweet, boss. You're our foreman, Maude.", Ned Flanders said.
"But people will see me paired up with a doofus. You have no idea what that's like.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Well, howdaly-do, Simpson? Gettin' a little exercise, eh? Good for you, pal. Oh, look at this old rascal! He's a wet old baby boy, isn't he? Isn't he? You're just a water monster." Ned Flanders replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "I just gotta stay one lesson ahead of the kid."
Marge Simpson: "That's nice."
"Well, I just felt like filling the house with the rich, satisfying smell of tobacco." Marge Simpson answered.
"Honey, I don't know what you're feelin' right now. So I don't wanna push anything. We can just hold hands... or sit and talk...", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Dad, you could punish me. But that means you'd have to think of a punishment, sit here and make sure I do it..."
"Oh! Mel, it's the most boring piece of garbage I've ever seen. And it's not easy for me to say that.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Those reindeer look really uncomfortable.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Save me, Mr. X! Wait, I'm Mr. X." Homer Simpson responded.
"Woo hoo! I can be a little boy again!", Homer Simpson answered.
"We got exactly what we wanted out of this: We gave an old man a second chance.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "'Fraid not."
Marge Simpson responded: "What are you doing? Why aren't you fixing the roof?"
Lisa Simpson responded "Dutch?"
"Lisa needs braces.", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "What can he do?"
"Well, how 'bout donating money to charity? Lots of crazy old coots do that." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Well, here we are at the Brad Goodman lecture."
"Hello, Marge? Hello? I'm the one who's dying, not you." Homer Simpson responded.
"You... invited me... to your treehouse? Wow -- that's like Bruce Wayne letting his mother into the Bat-club." Marge Simpson replied.
"No! This family stinks. Mr. Burns nurtures my destructive side. I'm suffocating here." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Are you a Care Bear?"
Homer Simpson: "A buck, eh? That gives me an idea..."
"Woo hoo!" Homer Simpson answered.
"I know, I know. Don't serve garlic... don't stab your guest in the heart with a wooden stake... don't ask him if he knows Frankenstein. It's racist somehow." Homer Simpson answered.
"I can't believe he pays you so little. The crowd was crazy about you.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Wow, I've never burst through a banner before, but it really does the trick!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Look, I'm sure we can work something out where we can all live in harmony. Right, Marge?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Uh-oh." Bart Simpson responded.
"Well, I could tell Mom and Dad the chip is in the bird and hope they take me to Machu Picchu another time, or...", Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Sure they are. They came from eggs in a bird's nest. Therefore, they're birds. Ixo fatso."
"Sin of pride, Roddy.", Ned Flanders answered.
"I'm just trying to get information -- like a nosey reporter, or an undercover cop..." Homer Simpson replied.
"I wanna go to the showbiz animal retirement home." Lisa Simpson responded.
"This is so fake." Homer Simpson answered.
"You drive. I eat.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Very well." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Really? Did they cry?" Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "Well, I'm glad your side of the deal worked out."
"I know it's not your fault, Muk Mu. You're a gentle, loving soul." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Matt Groening? What's he doing in a museum? He can barely draw." Homer Simpson responded.
"Just don't stretch it out." Bart Simpson replied.
"Yeah, right, that's what I meant, Lisa. State Un-fair." Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "Come back for more, eh?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Mmmmm. Chocolate."
Seymour Skinner: "Well, maybe it was for the best. Now I... I finally have time to do what I've always wanted: write the Great American Novel. Mine is about a futuristic amusement park where dinosaurs are brought to life through advanced cloning techniques!"
"It's our house! But what's that thing?", Marge Simpson replied.
"Pardon my galoshes." Homer Simpson said.
"Plant-watering guy.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Of course -- you're Lisa. Lisa the dancing Marge girl.", Marge Simpson replied.
"There is no virus! Bart faked the whole thing with a DVD! A direct-to-video DVD!" Marge Simpson answered.
"I'd like to go home now. And to think you'd do this on Mother's Day." Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "Every day, same old cat. I'll make him more interesting."
"Whoop. Shoe's untied.", Seymour Skinner answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Really? I'm surprised about Maggie."
Homer Simpson answered "Too salty..."
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "WHEN YOU'RE THE VILLAIN OF THE SHOW /"
Bart Simpson responded "Where are you going?"
Marge Simpson said "You're both in the doghouse, which is misleading 'cause I still like the dog."
Homer Simpson answered "But Marge, dogs can never have enough excitement."
Homer Simpson said "Oh, I knew that one, too."
"Sure." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "I'm too fat to fit in a foxhole."
"Hey, I thought I was supposed to encourage him.", Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak replied: "Look at me! I can fl--"
Homer Simpson replied "I get it. Everything's made of blocks. Even the water."
Marge Simpson: "Yes, I remember."
Homer Simpson responded: "Money in the bank."
"So Marge, uh... Homer's been gone a whole week, huh? In an unrelated matter, I just put on cologne and shaved my knuckles.", Moe Szyslak responded.
"I'm not a nerd -- I'm a jock who's too cool for sports.", Bart Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Yes, well, no more of that... thanks to this twenty-six million dollar surveillance system! Beware, rabbits... I spy with my transplanted eyes! Oh, and I forgot to show you the best feature!"
"Behold my two-seventeen average... and weep!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "It's not bad."
Bart Simpson replied "C'mon, man. A few more balloons and this'll look really awesome."
Marge Simpson: "Ohh, now Homie, you have your health, you have your best friend back, and you do have that certain special something."
Marge Simpson responded "Shut up, Becky! There. I finally said it."
Lisa Simpson responded "Milhouse, that was the bravest thing I've ever seen."
Seymour Skinner answered "Are you mad, Brunella? You can't fail Lisa. She's the only child keeping this school accredited. Without her, we'd have to release these children back into the forest. So let's just turn that minus into a plus..."
"There you are. Come on, we have to go. Dad pushed a waitress. And Mom lost twenty thousand dollars." Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "Homer, I'm impressed. You're taking this quite well."
"...M-E-R. Okay.", Homer Simpson answered.
"No! You get off of my school!" Seymour Skinner responded.
"Hey, what could be cooler than a choo-choo with lollipops on it?" Homer Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner responded "Nelson, rebuttal?"
"That's so wasteful.", Marge Simpson said.
"He wants to know your name." Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "Uh, gentlemen, I am not leaving without my elephant."
"Yeah, it's medicinal. We had a pain in our neck.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "And Lisa..."
Homer Simpson answered "I warned you he was an idiot. Well, all I need is some moonshine and someone playin' the har-mon-a-key, and I'm as happy as a pig in plop!"
Homer Simpson said: "Marge! I was right! Everybody is whatever I think they are."
Homer Simpson: "You're the only one who won't shut up about it."
Homer Simpson replied "Look, we're just gonna take our mattress, do a quick sweep of the medicine chest, then we're outta here."
"Smithers, I want that man killed.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"It came out again." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Yeah, that's how it starts."
"Look. Oooo, hello. Hello there. Who's that big man there? Who's da?" Moe Szyslak responded.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Visual aids help so much. Thank you."
"SHUDDUP!" Seymour Skinner replied.
Homer Simpson: "Look at it this way: you're a free man... unlike me. You have all your hair... unlike me. No kids tying you down, or a crippling mortgage that you refinanced at twenty-six percent because a dancing internet cowboy told you to... Oh, God, I hate my life!"
"They've taken everything!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"BUT TO BE FRANK, THERE'S NOT A LOT TO RECOMMEND IT...", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "Homer, you do not have to compete with your friends for me."
"No, no, no!", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Thank God his pants stayed on." Bart Simpson responded.
"Oh, my God! She's having babies! Oh, I'm sorry, girl. I thought you were just getting fat." Marge Simpson said.
"Bart, why don't you spend the money on something for Mom? She does so much for us.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak responded "Remember, just 'cause their heads are off, it don't mean they're dead."
"Now wait a second. You doctors have been telling us to drink eight glasses of gravy a day!" Homer Simpson answered.
"America rules! Our Beatles are way better than your precious Rolling Stones!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Sorry, son, Daddy's down for the day. Why don't you go capture me some more potato salad?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh. Time to repress another memory.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Look, can we get to the point? I'm stack parked. Did you hear me? Stack..." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "What do I care?"
Homer Simpson said "Ew."
Homer Simpson said "I thought it was Superman's Superman-cave."
"Yes, whoop-de-doo! Whoop-de-doo to the world!", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson responded "And these days, betting in a bar is safer than any stock, bond or real estate investment."
Bart Simpson said: "Thanks, Dad."
Marge Simpson answered: "Well, it's easier to chew than that Bambi video."
Lisa Simpson responded "Compliment her!"
"You know, if you're gonna be a hero, you might not want to tent your fingers like that." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Look, everyone knows that cigarettes are where flavor lives and a cool choice for a hot night. But they're for losers!" Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "From the Great Raymondo."
"Now Marge, honey, honey, honey. Come on. Come on, don't get upset. It's not the end of the world. We all loved that quilt, but you can't get too attached to...", Homer Simpson said.
"Oh my God! A DVD player.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "Excuse me, skipper -- this island used to be a paradise. What happened?"
Bart Simpson said "Snowball II has another family!"
Bart Simpson said "Well, you should have thought of that before I glued all this stuff to my face."
"That's only four miles from my house!" Bart Simpson replied.
"Can you feel the love?", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Chief Wiggum! I remember seeing you..."
Lisa Simpson answered "Get down. Security guard."
"Lisa, you were elected to be seen and enjoyed. Don't hide your light in a smoky back room, making dusty old decisions." Seymour Skinner answered.
"You think you've got guts, try raising my kids.", Homer Simpson replied.
"How many times do I have to tell you to quit comparing our relationship to the Special Olympics?" Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Oh, and guess who's up for parole? My diamond-in-the-rough."
Marge Simpson responded: "I said you'll be late for school."
"You're the waitress.", Bart Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders replied: "It's the Four Elephants of the Apocalypse!"
"Toilet.", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "Grampa, quick, tell me everything you know about World War One!"
"I've got a problem. Once you stop this car, I'm gonna hug you and kiss you and then I'll never be able to let you go.", Homer Simpson said.
"Why can't you do anything?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Now we could smash the real Westminster Abbey so it looks like this.", Homer Simpson answered.
"When the hell are we gonna get to... where the hell are we going?", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh-ho-ho, I'm not handicapped. I'm just lazy."
"So many unhappy men. How sad.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Now if I wanted to see it on a certain day, what would be the best day to see it?", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "Oooh, it looks like everyone in Springfield showed up for this."
Ned Flanders replied: "Praiseland? Rides, food, a tithing pond."
"Friends -- when I came here one month ago, this seemed like a strange and frightening place. But now I've learned to love this island as my second...", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "Help! Lisa, help!"
"Stuff kept comin' up -- mostly car-related. Piece of crap...", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "We drove fifty miles to look at a stupid pile of vegetables?"
Seymour Skinner: "Yes, yes... Up, down... Side-to-side... What's your point?"
Homer Simpson said "Yeah, why should the asteroid have all the fun?"
"You'll never catch me, Lord!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Oh, right."
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh, good, Reverend Lovejoy will make Marge take me back. He has to push the sanctity of marriage or his God will punish him."
"Pass the chutney." Homer Simpson answered.
"Okay. Hank.", Homer Simpson said.
"Don't shake your fist at me!" Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Oh, I can't watch."
Marge Simpson answered: "Damn straight, I didn't sacrifice my period for second place!"
Lisa Simpson said "Yeah dad, it was bad enough when you tried to pass yourself off as Tom Bosley. But Krusty!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "She wouldn't be so smart without her Teacher's edition."
"Boy, that salt really ate through the car.", Bart Simpson responded.
"We crashed a funeral!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "How the hell should I know? Just get in this cage."
Marge Simpson replied "'You look at that paneling -- I feel like I'm back in wooden times!"
"Hey, this sounds like fun.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Why do you sound so shocked? This is our fifth take." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "I want some of that!"
"Homer, why are they saying you're going to fight Drederick Tatum?" Marge Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner replied "The point is, I've learned a lot about human nature by sitting in the park with mother. And one thing I've learned is children turn out like their parents. Behold, your future!"
"Ah, and my dear, dear Smithers... you're no longer needed at all. You're fired. Ta!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"What happened?", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "Yeah. You did! You told me when something's bothering you, and you're too damn stupid to know what to do, just keep your fool mouth shut. At least that way you won't make things worse."
Bart Simpson responded "It's never too early to call shotgun!"
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh, dear. Maybe Bart is a little more realistic."
Homer Simpson answered "Apu! What are you doing out of your natural habitat?"
"The Baby Poindexter Company is being forced to pay a settlement to any parent who had enough misguided love to buy their videos.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "What's wrong, son?"
"I am so wasted. Oh my God, oh my God, we're having a simultaneous pass out!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Nelson, if you get me outta this, there's a hall monitor position coming open in the spring..." Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Honey, can daddy rest his soda on your head?"
Bart Simpson: "Who the Hell are you?"
Moe Szyslak replied: "I can't close down the bar on a Saturday. That's when you guys can drink 'cause you're not workin' for three days."
Marge Simpson responded: "He hit the star player!"
"You take forever to say nothing." Homer Simpson replied.
"Come on, read, read!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Ooo, edu-loving!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Well, at least your name's on the bowl."
"Smithers, to the laboratory." C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Oh, everyone does, son. That's why they lock it up in museums where no one will ever visit.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Bart!"
"Bor-ing.", Homer Simpson answered.
"It's no! His old bike is fine!" Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "I wish I knew something about the baby I could miss now."
"I promise I will never watch that channel again." Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "Henry the Eighth had everything he could want, except a son to follow in his footsteps..."
Homer Simpson answered "Marge, pour vous."
"That Homer just burns my waffles!", Ned Flanders responded.
"Well, since Moe's is closed again, I thought I'd help you cook dinner." Homer Simpson said.
"Yes!", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Hey, that was a fast count!"
"So tell me, why don't you recoil from the public like a normal billionaire?", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson answered "I don't want to look like a weirdo. I'll just go with a muu-muu."
"Look, I'm really not comfortable talking about S-E-X with K-I-D-S.", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "They spend all their time trying to raise a baby, and why? So it can grow up and do the same dumb thing on and on forever!"
"You make words into dudes.", Homer Simpson said.
"Homie, quit tossing." Marge Simpson said.
"You monster! What have you done to my face?!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Mom.", Lisa Simpson said.
"The police master key." Bart Simpson replied.
"Albuquerque Isotopes? What is all this stuff?" Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said "I'm goin', I'm goin!"
"Damn! Dang! Darn!" Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson responded "See, even when you yell at me, I can see love in your eyes."
Homer Simpson replied "There he is! It-- Oh wait, you said brown hair, right?"
"Aw, and they gave me my own vanity plate." Bart Simpson responded.
"Well, actually, it's not as bad as stealing, but my conscience is bothering me.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"I don't remember doing that. I would never cheat!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Something like that." Homer Simpson said.
"No TV on the computer!" Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "What about Mosquito Cove?"
Lisa Simpson replied "Huh uh, he smells more like a photo lab."
"A Nelson vest!" Bart Simpson answered.
"Marco!", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "So what's the charge, Chief? Vandalism? Smoking?"
"Listen, you punks. If you can't handle the image of our naked bodies in the tender act of a-oo-ga, you should never have come to the basement of this holy place.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "But ice cream cake..."
"Um... Myra, don't I have another appointment?" Seymour Skinner responded.
"Marge, your penny-pinching rampage has gone too far.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Welcome home, Marge."
Bart Simpson replied "Hey, Dad... sell you these for fifty bucks."
Marge Simpson replied: "Wait, wait! My son, my husband and the Van Houten boy are in there!"
"I know...", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, come on, honey, you have lots of friends. There's, uh... Lisa and...the stove."
"potato!", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Yes sir. Reject the first offer. Reject the first offer."
Homer Simpson said "Because it means so much to your mother, you can keep doing ballet. But you have to stop smoking -- including secondhand!"
Bart Simpson replied "Are you kidding? I take it as a compliment! Three beers, please!"
Marge Simpson replied: "Well, Bart, I guess that's it. We'll have to go back to our separate things."
"Good one, Dad." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "I can't do it, Mr. Burns."
"Yeah, uh, digging for anything in particular?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Here's your toast, Maggie. I Melba-fied it myself." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "You're right, Marge. I'll do it. But if I die during the operation, will you do one thing for me?"
Bart Simpson replied "She's going around the other side. Now get her!"
Homer Simpson responded "I hope it's Flanders. I'm just kidding. Hey, you're all right."
"Don't pressure me. I get enough of that from my Dad." Homer Simpson responded.
"That's right, my beautiful, beautiful Midge -- Soon you'll be mine." Moe Szyslak responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Berserk is right!! May I have some iced tea, please?"
Bart Simpson responded: "Hello! Pay attention to me! Look at me! I'm Bart! I'm Bart! Look at me! Look at me! Look at me!"
"No! I don't want you going in a bottle. That's what hobos do.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Have fun at your crazy-sounding thing."
"Oh, honey... honey... honey... HONEY. Could you please be quiet?" Marge Simpson replied.
"YVAN EHT NIOJ. Ya gotta love that crazy chorus.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Fired. I can't believe it."
"Well, okay, but..." Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "Mom, a dog ate my clothes!"
"Yeah, right! And I'm married to Wonder Woman!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, what a bleak, horrible future we live in!", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "That's Moe and a bag of garbage."
"I've gone through the town's financial records, and it turns out there are millions in uncollected city taxes." Lisa Simpson said.
"Sorry.", Homer Simpson said.
"Sorry." Homer Simpson said.
"Now I remember why I put" Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "Why you little..."
"I still can't believe we escaped from those horrible vampires.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Flanders! Wake up! Take off your clothes and prepare to be raptured." Homer Simpson said.
"Ehhhh!" Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "Switch, switch, switch."
"Looks like Daddy won, but two ninety-five is awfully good for a baby.", Homer Simpson responded.
"I guess it doesn't matter. All these things cost money and we just don't have it. Unless...", Marge Simpson said.
"Really? Hot damn! All right. Don't eat nothin' for the next three days, 'cause I'm takin' you out for a steak the size of a toilet seat!", Moe Szyslak responded.
"But my apologies always sound so forced.", Bart Simpson said.
"Aurora borealis." Seymour Skinner replied.
Homer Simpson answered "God, if you really are God, you'll get me tickets to that game."
Marge Simpson said: "So... Pie Man, why don't you show me your superpowers? Pie Man?"
"Bob planned this from the beginning --", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "Bart's cooked us a five-course romantic dinner."
Marge Simpson: "Fine. Just stay here and hold down the fort."
Homer Simpson answered: "Well, one thing's for sure: I'm not Everyman."
"Yeah, as a tribute to Princess Di. And Dodi. Because these days, princesses..." Homer Simpson answered.
"Hm, I wonder if it's theses.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Mindy?", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "Yay!"
"There must be something else. Think Marge, think. Culture... vulture... birds of prey... pray in a church... the father, son and Holy Ghost... ghosts are scary, scary rhymes with Gehry! That's it -- Architect Frank Gehry! He could build us a concert hall like he did in Los Angeles.", Marge Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders responded: "You betcha. It's a nice break from the male sports I usually watch."
Bart Simpson replied "That might work too."
"You two have been bombarded with enough commercial images! Lisa, I've got a big bunch of black bananas. You know what that means...", Marge Simpson said.
"Wait a minute. There's something bothering me about this place. I know - this lesbian bar doesn't have a fire exit. Enjoy your death trap, ladies." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Well, basically I just copied the plant we have now..."
"Very well. I'm not gonna be Angry Dad for one day longer. I'm giving up anger forever!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Could you... give me a handful of peanuts... Maude?"
Moe Szyslak answered "Hey, hey, ya mugs. Thinkin' ain't drinkin'!"
Ned Flanders answered "Okay, mister, you've got yourself a deal. I'll shave off the soup strainer, if you give the sailor talk the old heave-ho, okay?"
"The living and dining rooms... with a lovely flow for entertaining..." Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns said "I'll do the firing around here."
Homer Simpson replied "Sure do. Let's go get ice cream!"
Marge Simpson said: "We sold it to pay for a family cruise!"
Lisa Simpson: "Standardized tests, standardized tests, standardized tests..."
"Seventy-four." Lisa Simpson answered.
"What the hell is that?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Am I early?" Homer Simpson answered.
"My movie got in! I'm going to the Sundance Film Festival!" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "What country is this car from?"
Homer Simpson: "Oh, I can fake attentive. I've been watching a football game this whole discussion."
"I okeley dokely shmokely do!", Ned Flanders said.
Moe Szyslak answered "Everybody reach in and draw a pickled egg. Whoever gets the black egg stays sober tonight."
"Coins money gold!" Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Woo-hoo! I got my job back!"
"I'm not scared of those ushers! What are they gonna do? Advance on me?", Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner responded: "All right, I'll eat--eat your shorts?!"
"Pizza. Mmmm.", Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "So many musical choices!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Same here."
"It's just no fun without Marge.", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "Eleanor Roosevelt became Franklin's 'eyes and ears...'"
"The real Bart would've thrown me out the window.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"You do that." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Marge, not in front of the refrigerator."
Marge Simpson responded: "Please, let's just go to sleep."
"There's nothing in the rule book against it." Seymour Skinner said.
"No.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Goodbye, Homer."
Homer Simpson: "Yeah, Friday night. You want to come over?"
"What kooky projects?", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said "Valhalla is where Vikings go when they die."
"Dad, it's not..." Lisa Simpson said.
"Ow! God, my eye! Ow! Get it out! Geez! Ow!" Moe Szyslak answered.
"Booo!", Homer Simpson responded.
"And I locked the back door!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "I wish I had bullies like you growing up."
Ned Flanders answered "It says I have cooties."
"What the? But I used the best label paste.", Moe Szyslak said.
"Well, that was a stinker.", Homer Simpson replied.
"To my room.", Bart Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "So, the caterpillar has emerged from its cocoon as a shark with a gun for a mouth. I only have one thing to say to that... bravo."
Bart Simpson answered "I'm-I'm Bart Simpson, and-- Hey, are you skateboarding legend Tony Hawk?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Hey, you with the tempura -- your arm broken?"
Homer Simpson answered "Hey, T-shirt- T-shirt-T-shirt!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Oooh -- gummy bears. Gummy calves heads. Gummy jaw breakers."
"Honey, you're not going to throw red paint at the executives, are you? The Keebler people were very upset...", Marge Simpson said.
"Hey!" Bart Simpson answered.
"Aw, crap.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Yeah, you were..." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "Ms. Naegle, even though I disagree with your principles, I certainly admire your success."
Lisa Simpson said "But we heard them hovering!"
Moe Szyslak replied "Better set the alarm."
"It's been a whole week! Why are you letting my husband die? What does that have to do with baseball?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Hm...", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "Call it fate. Let's go..."
Moe Szyslak: "That's right, Pu. People owe us because we're heroes. It's even on my business card."
Bart Simpson answered "Sorry, Dad."
Homer Simpson replied "All right! Liver!"
"I'm gettin' that job. Bart, I'll need some clean urine. Stat." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "'CAUSE HE'S HOMER SIMPSON, MAN"
Moe Szyslak answered: "Take that!"
"This isn't my wand. It's a Twizzler!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Hey, will you guys help me fix my..."
Homer Simpson responded: "Dad says this new guy is a repulsive, obnoxious old billionaire, so let's all be extra-nice to him."
Homer Simpson responded "Marge, have you ever imagined what it would be like if we really were beavers?"
"Okay... if you give me your omelet." Bart Simpson answered.
"Oh, every note is like a dagger in my heart. I gotta get outta here.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Angelica was trapped in the Suffoclock of Sandy Doom..."
Homer Simpson answered: "Ah! Ooh! Arg! Son of a -- ! Ah! And that's how we shave."
"No problem. Hey Drederick!", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Lenny, it was pretty cool of you to spend your lotto winnings on your pals..."
Homer Simpson said: "This is a trap. It's going to catch us our dinner. Come on, boy."
Lisa Simpson responded "That's my brother."
"That's one way." Homer Simpson responded.
"Look, do you want this to be your last school memory?", Seymour Skinner answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Closer than you think!"
Marge Simpson responded: "We're here to eat your kids."
Lisa Simpson said: "Bart you really shouldn't be looking through other people's things. Find anything good?"
Lisa Simpson said: "Could it be some kind of book?"
Lisa Simpson answered: "Please? It's for science."
Marge Simpson replied "... There's that. Or, you could take an adult education course."
"Really?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "Why am I not surprised the only sport you do is one where a bird brings you food?"
"Where are we going?", Marge Simpson replied.
"We've talked about this, Marge. The hammock is a chore-free zone." Homer Simpson said.
"Why are they dancing? Shouldn't they be making weapons?", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "Bet you're getting tired of that soul, huh?"
Bart Simpson responded: "Ow!"
"Immiggants?! I knew it was them! Even when it was the bears, I knew it was them!" Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson responded "Fifty bucks per bag? I guess I'm only bringing one guitar on this revenge trip."
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Who?"
Moe Szyslak replied: "So, uh, Mr. New Guy. Whaddya think? Is everything... hunky dory there?"
Seymour Skinner responded: "Say what they will about our cafeteria, I-I still think they're the best Tater Tots money can buy."
Homer Simpson responded: "I think I'm so big. Blah, blah, blah."
Lisa Simpson said: "Kinda."
Seymour Skinner answered "It was naive of you to think I would mistake this town's most prominent 104 year-old man for one of my elementary school students."
Bart Simpson said: "That's better."
"Sideshow Bob!" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Why you little..."
"Neat! When I sleep at Dad's, I call this bed.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Yeah, that's his thing. Anyway, Fat Tony and I think this is a chance to patch things up between you and Selma. Plus it's a free weekend at the beach." Homer Simpson replied.
"Con: I am finding myself less attracted to you physically." Marge Simpson said.
"Bart's not mad at me." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "I know why you're here. You wanna see me humiliate myself with my stupid dance. Well fine."
Lisa Simpson replied: "I am not wearing this."
"What's Dad doing on the show?" Bart Simpson answered.
"I'm not sure what he's planning, although there is a lot of internet chatter. I want to change his character: less Dennis the Menace, more Casper the Ghost, if he were still alive.", Seymour Skinner answered.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "No, I'm having one!"
"Cable? / Us? / Wow! / We have cable!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Candy Class." Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "That was a very nice thing you did, Homey."
Homer Simpson replied "Come on, Carter, build us a house, you lazy bum."
Marge Simpson said "Get back in bed."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Okay, this is the place."
Marge Simpson responded: "I don't think so."
"Move us?" Marge Simpson replied.
"But I have finger insurance!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Okay, son. Concentrate... Shut out everything but the sound of my criticism.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Everything."
"Stay away from my wife!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "That's impossible. All my stories are bull plop. Bull plop!"
Marge Simpson said: "It's okay, Homie. You can come out now."
"Now it actually is a fanny pack.", Homer Simpson said.
"You guys are nuts. All you can do is eat and sleep and mate and roll around in your own filth and mate and eat... where do I sign up?" Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "Go away! Go away!"
Homer Simpson answered "You can't sex fire me, I sex quit!"
Homer Simpson answered "COME ON EVERYBODY HAVE SOME SEX-UAL CONGRESS / NOT THE KIND OF CONGRESS THAT CONTAINED PAUL TSONGAS..."
Marge Simpson answered "That's what he wore to church."
"So...", Bart Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner replied "Oh, my God! Lisa!"
"Well. This is awkward." C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Now I'm not saying Mr. Burns is incontinent..."
"Marge, write that down so we can have it at home.", Homer Simpson answered.
"You're joking. You've gotta be joking.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Yeah, nice try there, Twelve-Step.", Moe Szyslak said.
Marge Simpson: "She didn't say it yet!"
Bart Simpson said: "Mom, Dad, she can talk! Say it again, Lis."
"Homer, do somethin' about your dad. He's casting a pall over this grim dungeon full of losers.", Moe Szyslak responded.
Homer Simpson replied "I just wanted to invite you to the wrap party. And that's my cue to exit."
"Don't film this.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Bart!" Homer Simpson said.
"He thinks I'm gay?", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "Watch this, Lis. You can actually pinpoint the second when his heart rips in half."
"No." Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "Missionary work?"
Marge Simpson responded "Wanna go inside?"
"Dudes! Wanna make some extra spending money? Get a free pair of boots? Hey baby, you like obstacle courses?" Homer Simpson replied.
"I can't find all our cereal, crackers, juice boxes, the butter brush...", Marge Simpson said.
"What?! I'm not fat enough already? How could you say that to me?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Oh, no you don't!"
Homer Simpson answered "Aw, Moe, Moe, Moe, dry those beady little eyes. Your buddy Homer'll get you back on your feet."
Bart Simpson replied "Not me, man. This cycle of jerks has to end."
Homer Simpson: "Woo hoo! Pizza for breakfast!"
Marge Simpson replied "I read in the Daily Fourth Gradian that you need someone to paint a mural."
"Well actually, we gave it all up for a pinball machine in the lounge." Homer Simpson replied.
"But I can't find you funny anymore." Homer Simpson said.
"Yeah. But Lisa won't tell me how to make it.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! I said it first!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Thanks, Ted."
Homer Simpson answered: "Oooo! What a haul this year. I love Halloween."
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh my God! Someone, somewhere says I'm better than someone else!"
"It was an accident, ma'am." Bart Simpson answered.
"Dad, aren't you coming?", Bart Simpson answered.
"Marge, kids, everything's gonna be just fine. Now go upstairs and pack your bags. We're gonna start a new life under the sea.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "Ay carumba!"
"You kids must be so happy. Your cute little cartoon friends are back on the air.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Hey, Flanders! Thanks for saving our place.", Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders replied "You'll be history!"
"Marge, they knew what they were getting into when their parents sold them to the circus." Homer Simpson answered.
"A little... honey in your yogurt." Seymour Skinner answered.
"...coin at a time." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Bart Simpson responded "I heard about your run-in with Hoover. Aren't teachers the worst?"
"Nice grizzles." Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Do not feed animals. Do not allow animals in the car. Do not make eye contact with animals."
Moe Szyslak responded: "Uh-oh. This is a serious medical problem. I gotta go."
Lisa Simpson said "I guess I'd have needed a partial scholarship."
"Can I have it, Dad? Can I?" Bart Simpson said.
"Ooo, can I have a brownie?", Homer Simpson replied.
"How do I look?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Are you taking me to the dentist?", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "You've never done what I say! Ever!"
Seymour Skinner replied: "There's something I've wanted to say to you for a long time. Am I a good principal?"
"Excuse me, we're looking for this little boy." Lisa Simpson said.
"I'm Al Unser Jr.!" Bart Simpson responded.
"Thank you. Thank you. And now, the all new comedy stylings of... Krrrusty the Clown...", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "Final score: Bart, forty-one. Homer... let's see, six plus six plus six plus six plus six plus six..."
Homer Simpson: "Well, sometimes that can be annoying."
Marge Simpson: "Don't lie to me. Are you having an affair with this woman?"
Homer Simpson said "You mean Maggie?"
"Did you see a man being chased by some young hooligans?", Marge Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner replied "Ah yes, the one I've seen on Lisa's Facebook page."
Homer Simpson responded "It's worth every cent. I'm tired of fumbling with round fruit."
"Honey, this is how I save money on ketchup and mustard.", Marge Simpson answered.
"For one thing, there are too many fat children." C. Montgomery Burns said.
"You're right, this is it. They're selling us to be crash test dummies.", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Shouldn't you just be happy for their success?"
"Request permission to slink by." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Hey! Get a load of that spread."
"You're a good dog, arencha, boy? Arencha?" Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded: "Now honey, let's turn on the news and forget our troubles."
Ned Flanders said: "Maude! You still look as pretty as the day I buried you."
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Yes. They're new, but they're good."
Homer Simpson answered: "No."
Homer Simpson responded: "See you in court."
"Yeah, kiss and make up!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "They're fine."
Marge Simpson said "Oh my! I had no idea how much this town loved that zirconia."
"Don't be silly, Lisa. In fact --" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Has the whole world gone insane?"
Lisa Simpson responded "Bye, Unky Herb."
"Mom, I don't mean to be mean. But every time I think about forgiving him, I remember all the bad things he's done to me." Lisa Simpson said.
"Homer, are you ordering junk off the TV again?" Marge Simpson said.
"C'mon! All we need is a grand slam.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Television broken?"
Homer Simpson answered "The two thousand eight Super Bowl?"
Bart Simpson replied "Something like that."
Homer Simpson: "You think you can still do that kind of work?"
Bart Simpson answered "This is hopeless."
Homer Simpson said "He's not home."
"Now, Marge, just remember, if something goes wrong at the plant, blame the guy who can't speak English. Ah, Tibor, how many times have you saved my butt ." Homer Simpson responded.
"Billy Baldwin!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Where? I don't see that.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Keep the trial going. I'll be right back."
"Well, I don't know how intense it was...", Marge Simpson said.
"Now, there's a picture." Bart Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "THE HITTER'S OFF HIS ROCKER / KISSING BETTY CROCKER!"
"What the hell is that?!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Standard hotel boilerplate. It just says somebody died in this room in the last seventy-two hours." Homer Simpson said.
"Why you little..." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "Grampa says he was a Commie."
"Hm, no belly-button." Homer Simpson responded.
"It won't go down!" Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Just for that?"
"Yes, well, technically everything worked out all right. But..." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Okay, hon." Homer Simpson replied.
"What about you and Mom?", Lisa Simpson replied.
"I may have dodged a bullet here.", Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson answered "There was barbecue sauce on it."
"I got it!", Moe Szyslak said.
"Run, Dad!" Bart Simpson answered.
"I had a spring in my step like that once, back when I met Lilah.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Milhouse is lookin' good -- he's got contacts, changed color, got a cool new catchphrase... Salaam alaikum!" Homer Simpson said.
"Quit whackin' my barrel!", Ned Flanders answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Eww."
"Hey, I don't need no advice from no pinball machine. I'll have you know I wrote the book on love." Moe Szyslak responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Videogames -- the reason this generation of Americans is the best ever."
Homer Simpson said "It's all here, and it's all backwards. That's right."
Marge Simpson responded: "We have to do something..."
"Mom, how come you didn't do my homework last night?", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Make it stop!"
"Woo hoo! I get two Christmases!" Homer Simpson replied.
"What did you say?", Bart Simpson answered.
"All right. And what's the name?" Homer Simpson answered.
"But I'm not drunk!" Homer Simpson said.
"You my mommy-daddy-puppy?" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Okay, who needs another lamb rack?"
Marge Simpson said "Maybe there's murder afoot!"
"Well, okay. I just wanted to make sure we weren't deluding ourselves.", Bart Simpson said.
"Now remember, these pools can be dangerous, so everyone pick a buddy.", Seymour Skinner replied.
"Who are you?", Bart Simpson replied.
"I am, ma'am.", Bart Simpson said.
"Fine. I'll do both at once. We should both take a role in vacation planning!", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "Empathy means you're looking at Lisa, and feeling what she feels. Your sister poured her heart into rescuing those animals to forget the pain of being upstaged in jazz. And now..."
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Aw, if you stay you can have anything you want to eat, even some sort of gelatin dish. It's made from hooves, you know."
"Homer! What is it? Slow down.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Aww, what a sweet blasphemy.", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "Help me, cameraman! I let you smoke a cigarette in my bedroom."
"Lisa, if the Bible has taught us nothing else, and it hasn't, it's that girls should stick to girl sports, such as hot oil wrestling, foxy boxing, and such and such.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "This concert is oversold. It's as if a music promoter acted unscrupulously!"
"You have a story with an ending?!", Bart Simpson responded.
"I was just tellin' all the guys how losing the power of speech made me a better man." Homer Simpson responded.
"How about getting out of the tank... huh maybe stopping your rampage? Huh? We could go to Krusty Burger...", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, absolutely, Ned. Sorry."
Bart Simpson responded: "Okay guys, let's move!"
Homer Simpson answered "Now, for the record, I hated the building, the people in it and the spirit it represented. I never hated the church itself. And now, finally, I believe in something bigger than myself."
Homer Simpson: "I'm sure some idiot somewhere agrees with me."
Moe Szyslak: "At least there's someone worse off than me."
Bart Simpson replied: "She took my glue!"
Bart Simpson replied "What?"
"Ow! / Ow, that hurts! / Man we're stupid. / I hate you guys." Moe Szyslak said.
"Are you sure you want to do this?" Bart Simpson responded.
"Wipe that smile off your face." Homer Simpson answered.
"Hello Kitty? I thought they were Spider-Man heads! Ew! Ew! Ew!" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Huh?"
Homer Simpson responded: "One of you turned me in? Who was it?"
Marge Simpson responded: "So, did anyone see that new Woodsy Allen movie?"
"He can hear you, Rachel." Homer Simpson responded.
"Near tears." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Oy.", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Uh-oh." Homer Simpson answered.
"Great time to nap, Einstein!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Don't correct the man, Brat. Oh, Boss, look what we brought... gelatin desserts."
Ned Flanders responded: "Right next to Mount Fu-Gee, I'm glad to see ya!"
Bart Simpson answered: "You threw it, you go find it."
Homer Simpson answered: "The ring that'll get me outta this lousy circus and into a good circus. Now let's get you married."
Lisa Simpson replied "Okay."
"Really? Jeez, they make everything.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Feminine?!", Homer Simpson said.
"Point well taken. Uh, mom, could you loosen my blanket a little? Dad tucked me in too tight and it's cutting off the circulation in my arms and legs.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Oh yeah? Hey, what's Mr. McStagger really like?" Moe Szyslak answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Dammit!"
Homer Simpson said: "Puke."
Lisa Simpson responded "I get it. Middle child. Never do what I want."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Oh, I don't know. I thought one of these super-successful people might tell you how important it is to stay in school. Why look, it's Mark Zuckerberg, the founder of Facebook!"
Homer Simpson said: "Honey, this sounds like a noble experiment, but like prohibition, it will end in a hail of bullets."
Lisa Simpson said: "It's so diverse! I've died and gone to a PBS kids show!"
"Ow!", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said "Oh, my God -- I'm getting a guinea pig! Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you!"
"I specifically requested no romantic music!", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Good one, Mom! / You're so bad, honey.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Look at that."
"Okay, okay, you can have it back!", Marge Simpson replied.
"I won first chair?" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Why couldn't it have been me?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Okay, next item of business is our weekly progress report. Principal Skinner? How's your transportation project coming?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "Ned, I realized long ago, there are some things Homer and I will never completely agree on."
"Wait! Doesn't my father have the right to a fair trial?" Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "It must be the first of the month! New billboard day!"
"Grampa, we've been married for years. When are you gonna put down that gun?", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Oh great, now we have to send him a card."
"Dad, I had to listen to this jerk all morning. Can we listen to something else?" Lisa Simpson said.
"Oh, don't mention her eye. Don't mention her eye." Marge Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns said "My first dollar! Thanks to you, Lisa, and our hemp-smoking friend. Shine on, you crazy diamond."
"We appreciate the offer, Marge, but I think we're going to be very happy here.", Ned Flanders answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Bart?! Shouldn't you be in class?"
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Oh, yes. That greedy, grasping, glob of chemicals."
"So hot snow falls up?", Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner answered: "Ah, my old footlocker."
Marge Simpson answered: "Goodnight."
Homer Simpson replied: "Wait, wait. You forgot to eat a light bulb."
"Oh, those wheels are squeaking a bit. Perhaps I could sell him a little oil.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Hoo boy.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Yeah, I really miss the old guy. It was all I could do to put on his jewels.", Moe Szyslak said.
"Smithers, I'm not going to make it. I want to dictate... my epitaph.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Ruth Powers, my old neighbor? Oh, my goodness, look at you!", Marge Simpson responded.
"The little dolphin is also wearing a helmet... Wearing a helmet... Wearing a helmet.." Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, Mom, don't feel bad. Everybody appreciates your... uh-oh, I'm late for my dinner... with Chloe!" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Homer Simpson here. I've sent the Sherpas home and I'm heading for the top, solo."
Bart Simpson: "You're a lizard."
"Wow, Bart! Lookin' good!", Homer Simpson said.
"Soon I will have a miracle hybrid, with the loyalty of a cat and the cleanliness of a dog.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Let me guess... you need a field trip mom?", Marge Simpson answered.
"Come off. I'm sane now.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "I don't know what you said, but I'm sure it was beautiful. Oh Homer, this is the kind of night I thought we could never have together: incident free."
"Hmmm. I thought you said she was overweight!", Marge Simpson replied.
"Oh... satire." Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "I thought you said the law was powerless."
"Yes, my love?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Shut up." Moe Szyslak responded.
"Stop your trendy arguing! I'm trying to call the fire department!", Marge Simpson said.
Ned Flanders responded: "Well, we pulled more plugs than a Dutch doctor. Now let's take a trip to the side of the house."
Lisa Simpson responded: "I guess I have been pretty hard on a lot of people. Especially my dad. Thanks, you guys."
"I haven't been in a play since high school, and I thought it would be a good chance to meet some other adults.", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "Wait a minute. I thought you said I couldn't have this."
"Dammit!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Frankly, I'd be a little turned on."
"Hi, little eggs. I'm not sure how to tell you this, but... Y-Your mom was involved in an incident. Mistakes were made. By me. But don't worry, I'll take care of you.", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "What if someone catches him?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Someday TV will be invented, and it will be free. Then it will cost money."
Homer Simpson replied "Well, you're very sweet, Mick, but the only rocking I want to do is in my living room chair, surrounded by the world's greatest back-up group, my family."
Marge Simpson said "It's not chinchilla. I just thought she needed more sleep."
Bart Simpson replied "Mo-om!"
Lisa Simpson replied "Who is it? Is it Ralph?"
"MOE MOE MOE / HOW DO YOU LIKE ME? / HOW DO YOU LIKE ME? / MOE MOE MOE / WHY DON'T YOU LIKE ME? / NOBODY LIKES ME...", Moe Szyslak replied.
Marge Simpson said "I'm so glad we came to Paradise Pier. Ever since I was a little girl, I've wanted to ride that Ferris Wheel!"
Marge Simpson replied "Darn car won't start."
"See ya at the bake sale, sucker!", Marge Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak said: "Here's your baby back."
Marge Simpson replied: "I'm awfully sorry."
Homer Simpson responded "Hey, yeah, yeah. I think I can."
Homer Simpson responded: "Or... more mouthwatering monkeys."
"Yeah, well, no offense, but maybe I need a little more instruction than just tap-a-tap-a-tap-a." Lisa Simpson replied.
"No.", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson: "Mom! Dad! Bart's marrying one of Cletus' daughters!"
"Yes." Homer Simpson answered.
"Martha, the house looks beautiful -- it's like Christmas with a childless gay couple. But it's just not the same without my family being themselves.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Who wants fresh donuts?" Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "Hey, those are fifteen month calendars! That gives you three extra kittens!"
Bart Simpson replied: "Psyche!"
"Honey! Honey! We're saved!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Marge, I never want to be apart from you again.", Homer Simpson said.
"You mean I shouldn't punish Bart at all?", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "You're a cinch to be World's Fattest Man."
"Fast Pass can't solve everything!" Bart Simpson said.
"Hey, Marge, you don't smoke!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Uh, these are some of the local alcoholics I told you about.", Moe Szyslak said.
Marge Simpson answered "I thought they might enjoy it if I took them here."
Seymour Skinner answered: "Hmm..."
"Good morning, world! Eat my shorts!" Bart Simpson replied.
"Thank you, but I am very happy with my clientele as they are." Moe Szyslak said.
"SHHH!", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Okay, but it's tough for me not to think about their hardship."
Homer Simpson replied "Sorry, I got a lot on my mind."
Homer Simpson said "This is for you, son."
Lisa Simpson responded "You were in that coma for seven weeks."
"You should be glad I did. Your father wanted to call you Bartzeena!" Marge Simpson replied.
"Lisa's got school, career, posture -- why'd she have to steal Krusty from me?!", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "So we got a good deal for once. Quit fighting it."
"Who's Tiny Tim?" Homer Simpson said.
"Cable clippers, please." Homer Simpson answered.
"I went on for hours and they were hanging on my every word. I really think I was born to teach." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "Monkey! There's a monkey in the house!"
Seymour Skinner answered: "Yes, fine. He'll do. Anything to end this unstructured conversation."
Bart Simpson replied "Well, Dad, I guess you won."
"No, really. I think books have an amazing power to bring people together. Look, even Cletus is checking one out." Lisa Simpson responded.
"I'unno. Drug lab?", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Okay. Say, can you introduce me to the Sasquatch? I like his style."
"I'm livin' it but I ain't lovin' it.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Well, better get home. The delightfulness ended hours ago."
Homer Simpson replied "Mozart!"
Seymour Skinner answered "You know, if they do this regularly, maybe it could count as gym."
"Maybe you could aim a little higher." Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "And my necklace."
Lisa Simpson said "Dad, Mom said she'd be home to help me with my costume, and she's not and the Geography Pageant is tonight."
"It's too bright. That Flanders, what a big show-off.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Marge is Mia? Oh my God, she changed her name?"
"I didn't mind that he grew bald... I didn't mind that he got fat... I didn't mind that he got fatter. But no one told me he'd get older than me." Marge Simpson responded.
"Yes, I am." Moe Szyslak answered.
"Let's go to the Sharper Image. They've got a TV shaped like a Fifties diner!" Bart Simpson replied.
"You already put him in a home." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Idiots! Ooh, these are fun!", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Okay."
"What the hell are you two..." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "So how do you afford such a sweet pad?"
Marge Simpson: "Look, why don't you both stay and have one of my Marge-aritas?"
"No! I can't do it! You're a nut bar! A whack-job! A kooka-dooka!", Bart Simpson said.
"You'll see. Oh, you will see.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Yes."
Seymour Skinner answered: "Your attention please. This is Principal Skinner. Bart, this one's for you. Hello ma baby, hello ma honey, hello my ragtime gal... Send me a kiss by wire.."
"Well, you could treat me with a little respect.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Well Marge, looks like your insane experiment is over."
Marge Simpson replied: "All right, we got lucky that time, but I want everyone in this family to raise your hand and promise not to break the law for one full year."
"Woo hoo! This is the greatest day of my life!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, woe is me.", Homer Simpson said.
"HARDLY EVER! HE'S HARDLY EVER SICK AT SEA!" Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Doctor! Perform a diagnosis!"
Homer Simpson said "Eh, I guess I'll walk home."
Homer Simpson answered "Aw, honey. I didn't realize how much that horn meant to you. Don't worry. Daddy's gonna get it back. I don't know how, but I'll figure out something."
"Was it the dog from the Beethoven movies?", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Oh Marge, let the kid have his embarrassing secrets and lies."
Lisa Simpson said "Now what?"
"DAD, DON'T BE A CREDIT HOG" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Lisa, that was very selfish of you."
"Yep. Your mother and I have become a legendary party couple. Like Scott and Zelda Munster!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Back off, Bart. This may be the only chance I get as a second grader to produce my own TV show, and I'm not gonna let you screw it up." Lisa Simpson said.
"Oh, shut up." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Oh no! My recurring nightmare is coming true!" Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak said "No, I don't miss ya."
"Ew, a skunk!" Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "I'm Bart Simpson. Who the hell are you?"
Seymour Skinner answered "I think the real question is who is this and where is Homer Simpson?"
Marge Simpson said: "Listen to me. The instant that Homer's in any kind of danger, I want you to throw in this towel and stop the fight."
"See?! That's my expression!", Bart Simpson answered.
"Oh honey, I love to hear you laugh.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Uh-oh."
"So how was the office birthday party?", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Wow! Former president James Taylor."
"My friend and I only see it to rank on it." Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "So you see Homer, revenge only leads to misery."
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Yes, if he's smart, he'll hold out for millions."
Homer Simpson responded "Okay. Bart, think of a name. Make it great. Insanely, unbelievably great!"
Bart Simpson said "Oh."
"Lisa?", Homer Simpson replied.
"No deal! This is my son we're talking about. Sure he's not perfect, but who is in this work-a-day world?", Marge Simpson answered.
"Moon pies, my butt... Somebody oughta moon pie her..." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Hey, what's that sound?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Don't worry, honey. Right now she's lying on God's beach."
Lisa Simpson responded: "You can have mine, but he's kind of an idiot."
Ned Flanders responded: "WHEN I WAS JUST A LITTLE GIRL / I ASKED MY MOTHER WHAT WILL I BE / WILL I BE PRETTY, WILL I BE RICH? / HERE'S WHAT SHE SAID TO ME..."
"What an eyesore." Moe Szyslak answered.
"Oh, go for it, Dad.", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "Well, take a shower, 'cause we're gonna try it tonight!"
"I gave you ten dollars.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Oh God, they're in our food! Teddy Grahams, Gummi Bears..." Homer Simpson answered.
"These are just pictures of monkeys from famous movies." Lisa Simpson said.
"Hear hear!" Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Trick-or-treat! Lick my feet! Your head smells like pig-butt meat!"
Bart Simpson answered: "What a grump."
Homer Simpson answered: "Sweet."
Homer Simpson: "No, we're forming a vigilante group."
"Oh, just great. Things couldn't be better.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Isn't this the greatest day ever?!", Bart Simpson answered.
"Simpson residence.", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "What's wrong?"
Moe Szyslak answered: "I don't know. They just do."
"MOVE IT YA DRUNK OR I'LL BLAST YOUR REAR END!" Moe Szyslak responded.
Bart Simpson answered "How'd you get the eyes to move?"
Marge Simpson replied "Lisa!"
Lisa Simpson said "We-were-never-outside-we-were-here-all-day."
"Well, he's not gonna be intimidated anymore. We're gonna toughen him up -- give him a new badass attitude. All those other horses will be shaking in their horse dealies." Homer Simpson answered.
"Lisa! My little know-it-all!" Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "Do you know what Radon is?"
"Why certainly son, just hand me that book you've got there...", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Hey, here's a perfectly good basketball half!"
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh, Homer."
Lisa Simpson responded "Bart, be strong. You don't need that little hell cat."
Marge Simpson: "No! When we get you to the safe zone, we can cure your father!"
"Lisa? Is everything okay?", Marge Simpson said.
"Deal." Bart Simpson answered.
"It's not exactly fun and games for me either, Marge.", Homer Simpson said.
"What the Hello Kitty?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Wipe me down and sign me up!" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "Hey Dad, can I have $1,000?"
"It's your new diet!", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "See, Dad? Having Krabappel next door is nothing but trouble. Teachers should not be allowed to live near their students. We're natural enemies, like George Washington and Abraham Lincoln."
Bart Simpson replied: "I guess."
"Just like I planned.", Homer Simpson responded.
"I want everything that's coming to Krusty the clown, which is me... Krusty.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "I think you're right, dumplin'."
Homer Simpson replied "Oh, wake up, Ned. You think Maude isn't dating in heaven?"
"Yeah, you're right." Homer Simpson replied.
"And Janey and I went bird watching. We saw a grackle." Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "What the? I tried to do bad and I did good!"
Lisa Simpson replied "Grampa, how'd you take off your underwear without taking off your pants?"
"Great. Now my testicle's got ants on it." Homer Simpson answered.
"Yeah, well, the part that's showin'. I guess you could have a lot of weird scars, or a fake ass, or somethin'.", Moe Szyslak responded.
"And Dad, I hope you learned something from this.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Oh, it's been a month. Why won't anything grow?" Homer Simpson said.
"Unhook it?! But I love cable.", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "But Captain Murdock!"
"Oh, I doubt it. But we'll let the seagulls at the dump figure it out." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Great, dive in."
Bart Simpson replied "I know what we can ask Jeeves -- why does he suck?"
"No. You don't understand, Nelson. A kiss doesn't mean anything if it's dishonest.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Maybe I should just cut my losses, give up on Lisa, and make a fresh start with Maggie." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "With all our hearts!"
"Lisa, is that too spicy for you?", Marge Simpson replied.
"No, no, no, no, no, no, no, Julio is my little secret! I've said too much!", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "The mirror. The mirror!"
"Take me home, Artie." Marge Simpson said.
"Don't worry, Moe. I'm not bettin'.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Where are you going? The fire's that way!"
Lisa Simpson replied "Truly this was an act of God."
Lisa Simpson said "If we stand together, we are strong!"
"Run, Bart! Pump your thighs! Pump them...", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Forever!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "You're a vampire! I should be scared, but I'm not."
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Oh well, there'll be plenty of time for explanations later. Right now, I'll be taking my puppies back."
"Hey! Don't you know it's awards season? Who's calling you at five in the morning anyway?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Porcini --"
"No you don't. Heh, heh.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Oh honey, I'm sorry your book lady turned out to be a dinosaur. But you liked the stories when you read them, so what does it matter?"
"I'll take it.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Because I have this magical thing called a Home Equity loan. I borrow all the money I want, and the house gets stuck with the bill. Sucker."
Homer Simpson replied "Yeah."
Homer Simpson responded: "And I looked so good on that box."
Homer Simpson replied "Come on, boy."
Marge Simpson responded "Maggie's gone!"
Lisa Simpson responded "What did you do to it?"
"Our teacher." Bart Simpson responded.
"Oh, I'm just glad you taste like hot dogs!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "That's where the food sleeps!"
Homer Simpson responded "Yes, honey?"
"Oh, definitely. If you ask me, she's far less dangerous than Bart.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"I'M MISTER BURNS!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson: "No Doc, please! I'm just a little boy!"
"Maybe I do, Chief. Maybe I do...", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Ah, grrrreetings!"
Bart Simpson answered: "No teacher shall be held accountable if Bart Simpson dies."
Homer Simpson answered: "Your Honor, I'd like that last remark stricken from the record."
Lisa Simpson said "Well, it would've helped if you hadn't crumpled up all the paper before we wrote anything on it."
Homer Simpson replied "I don't know."
"Oh, that I'll wear." Homer Simpson answered.
"That Sideshow Bob is a no-good showbiz phony.", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "Let's just float by quietly..."
Homer Simpson responded: "I'll audience you!"
C. Montgomery Burns said "Here's a scoop for your readers: the Hall of Patriots."
Homer Simpson responded "Now kids, while your mother's gone, I don't wanna have to wash any dishes. So, from now on, drink straight from the faucet or milk carton, and we'll eat while standing over the sink or toilet."
Homer Simpson responded "Something very close, exactly along those lines--A Clint Eastwood - Lee Marvin shoot 'em up western!"
Seymour Skinner said "Hmm. School normally doesn't smell so... rank."
"Being a jerk, minus a million points.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Well, if you know a better way for me to live through my son, I'd like to hear it."
Homer Simpson replied: "Did I? Anyway, the Bloody Hangman set to his gory work. Bodies piled up like those stackable plastic chairs."
Homer Simpson said: "OH MINDY, YOU CAME AND YOU GAVE WITHOUT FLAKING. BUT I SENT YOU BEN-GAY, OH ANDY, YOU KISSED ME AND STOPPED ME FROM SOMETHING, AND I..."
Marge Simpson responded "It's May!"
Bart Simpson responded: "Just point me to Santa."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Gary..."
Homer Simpson replied: "Uh, listen here, Desert Arnaz. Homer Simpson knows how to pitch a tent."
"Hey, I won four free movie tickets! And it starts in half an hour!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "No, not the middle seat!"
Homer Simpson replied "Marge, it's not the diaper, it's what's inside."
"Congratulations, Simpson. You just fell for our sting and won yourself three months detention. There's no such thing as Scotchtoberfest.", Seymour Skinner responded.
"Look, lady, I'm s'posed to be in the fourth grade." Bart Simpson responded.
"No, it looks cool!" Homer Simpson answered.
"So this map leads to a treasure, huh?" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded "Well, I'm not giving my baby any more dangerous drugs. From now on it's nothing but fresh air, lots of hugs, and good, old-fashioned Ritalin!"
Homer Simpson: "I gotta think of a lie, fast."
Homer Simpson said: "Where's the letter?"
"Shut up." Bart Simpson responded.
"Yes, sir?", Bart Simpson said.
"He is too! His truck's gonna come around the corner riiight now. Right now. Right now. Now. Now. Nnnnnnnnow. Now.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, hey Milhouse. I think Bart's upstairs.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "Dad, if you'll recall, I never believed in you, not for one second."
Bart Simpson responded: "A hamburger!"
"God no!", Homer Simpson responded.
"I'd see 'em sittin' on that couch all day long... just starin' at that Hollywood hogwash.", Ned Flanders responded.
"Hello? Oh, hi, Lenny... No. Why would I need a ride this afternoon?" Homer Simpson answered.
"So that means... it is Opposite Day.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "You guys gonna teach me to drive?"
"Linda Ronstadt? How'd you get her?" Moe Szyslak responded.
C. Montgomery Burns said "Oh goody, the Sea Monkeys I ordered have arrived. Look at them cavort and caper."
"Oh my God!" Marge Simpson answered.
"I guess you don't have to leave till the holiday's over...", Marge Simpson responded.
"Tell me everything about you.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Which goes great with another male invention -- the car."
Bart Simpson answered: "Right. Like we agreed."
"You can't not do it!", Homer Simpson said.
"Homer...", Marge Simpson responded.
"I wanna change my bet... I'm going against my daughter." Homer Simpson responded.
"Yay! / All right! / Woo-hoo! /" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "For a minute there I thought I was in big trouble. It's just a..."
"No, let's go to the Nature Company. They've got a TV assembled by Hopi Indians!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson: "I can't believe you did this, Dad. Why didn't you put that thing in your room?"
Bart Simpson answered "Dammit, she knows! Okay, how do we buy your silence?"
Bart Simpson said: "I feel bad for all those places that didn't make the cut."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "... One... Hundred... Dollars! Of course you'll have to sign a waiver, relinquishing your right to sue and so forth... merely a formality..."
Homer Simpson said: "I see. And when is it?"
"I guess I'll have no trouble gettin' to sleep tonight.", Bart Simpson replied.
"A musical instrument? Could that be a way to encourage a gifted child? Just give me a sign!" Homer Simpson replied.
"I'm a veteran, Mother.", Seymour Skinner answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "This is not putting me in the mood!"
"What do you say, son? You keep our secret and some other student can inherit your gloomy, windblown future." Seymour Skinner answered.
"Investor confidence? Perhaps this affects me -- I own two hundred and thirty million shares of ZiffCorp stock." Homer Simpson answered.
"That's charming, Sardonicus, but try to use less of a stabbing action and more of a brushing stroke." Marge Simpson answered.
"Bart, I'm really sorry I've been ignoring you lately. I got carried away with being popular. But now that I'm unpopular again, I want you to know I'm here for you." Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered: "I can find a good career at this museum. Or at lease see if they fixed that mislabeled raccoon I complained about."
Marge Simpson: "Well, at least the burglar's having a merry Christmas."
Homer Simpson: "But enough about Bart. Tell me, Principal Skinner, are you married?"
"You can't even show it in the bar?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Hello, queen Lisa." Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "What?!"
Marge Simpson responded "Come home soon."
"Great. I'll do the pony while you do the lions.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Well, the handwriting's on the wall. To stay afloat, this bar's gonna have to go queer." Moe Szyslak answered.
"But asking you was Ralph's idea.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Hey, I thought you guys could see everything." Homer Simpson replied.
"A sunset!" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Uh... I do."
"Hey Stavros, there's a guy in your bathroom tryin' to dine-and-dash.", Bart Simpson said.
"When I saw how much trouble your marriages were in...", Moe Szyslak responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Loyal stonecutters, let us begin our reenactment of the Battle of Gettysburg."
"Marge... get loan pre-approved... offer over asking... waive inspections... two-day escrow!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Quiet, you! I know you youngsters wanna see these rockin' rockers. But I also know you care about the race for Sanitation Commissioner. So, let me give ya the 911..." Homer Simpson said.
"Is that true, Lord?", Lisa Simpson said.
"Yes Ma'am. I'd like to return to your wonderful Sunday school, please." Bart Simpson said.
"Please be okay...", Bart Simpson replied.
"I know. And I made your favorite --" Marge Simpson replied.
"Sounds boring." Bart Simpson responded.
"Mrs. Simpson, when you took off, you left a hole in Homer's heart that he's been trying to fill with alcohol for twenty years... God bless ya.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"Hey, get away from that! Leave him alone!", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Did you replace me with this tinkertoy?" Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "Whoops! Whoops! Oh, whoops... whoops!"
"I'm not sure I approve of selling whiskey to children.", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Eat a horse manure pie?"
"Aw jeez, I don't look like that." Moe Szyslak said.
"I brought home fried chicken..." Marge Simpson answered.
"Yeah, at least you ain't aging six years for every one 'cause of your cow heart." Moe Szyslak replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "Hey, the heart wants what it wants, dude."
"No thanks, I told my Dad I'd wait for him.", Bart Simpson said.
"What a bad father." Homer Simpson responded.
"Now I have a question... who are you people?" Marge Simpson said.
"I spit on your corpse, advertiser-supported television!", Homer Simpson replied.
"What?!" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Oh Marge, you found me! You always find me. Now we just have to find your car in the mall parking lot.", Homer Simpson said.
"Not me!", Homer Simpson said.
"Aww, thanks, Mom." Bart Simpson responded.
"Actually, it says here we're gonna see hockey." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Wow! Is there anything he can't do?", Bart Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak answered "Uh, listen, I kinda banged up that Jeep in the driveway."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Mom, is something wrong?"
Homer Simpson responded "Well, nobody's perfect."
Ned Flanders said "AND PURPLE AND WHITE AND PINK AND ORANGE / AND RED AND YELLOW AND GREEN AND BROWN / SCARLET AND BLACK AND OCHRE AND PEACH..."
"So we're just going to do this photo and get out, right? Ba-da-bing ba-da-boom?", Bart Simpson responded.
"Weird Al Yankovic!", Homer Simpson replied.
"They have an award for teaching?", Bart Simpson replied.
"Well, it looks like the lake is the place to be, huh?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Beans, beans. We'll do beans.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak said: "Don't you dare!"
"Ewww... uhh." Bart Simpson answered.
"Oh, a banana!", Homer Simpson replied.
"I'm not leavin'. / Sorry. Not leavin'. / Not quite yet. / I'm sorry. / I'm not leavin'." Moe Szyslak replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "What are you doing, man? That's Carl! Let me help you."
"What? What play?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Moe, I've never seen you here before.", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "Hmf. Why don't you want to go out there?"
"Southern-fried succubus?" Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "But I -"
Marge Simpson said: "Alberto, I'm not sure if this is such a good idea."
"Sure. What's your name?" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "Same way you got me: by accident, on a golf course."
"Not so fast." Moe Szyslak responded.
"Ooh, fire-kebab!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Go get Lassie." Homer Simpson responded.
"Marge Simpson reporting for duty!", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Mom, can we get a pretzel?"
"Dad!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "It's time to get Homer-erotic."
"Goes with the sugar!" Ned Flanders replied.
"Doges?! Why do we have to play this stupid game Lisa likes?" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Sorry guys. Private family moment."
Lisa Simpson: "Gee Buck, your old films are as violent as today's!"
Homer Simpson responded "That's it, drink up my pretty."
"Bart makes it through the days relying on his unwavering belief that Krusty the clown will come through." Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "Krusty Klovnen Baby Visker?"
"The Amish are so industrious. Not like those shiftless Mennonites." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Yes..."
"Hey, I'm just hangin'." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Oh, it was great! Flew to Tulsa on the company jet. Did my job in a way consistent with what I already told you. Because that's what you do. When you have a job."
Homer Simpson responded: "Lady, please. Get back in your overturned car. Let the guys handle this."
"That's one right there." Marge Simpson responded.
"Ohh, I just swept the Circle of Death!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Vodka? Is this Krusty's?", Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Uh huh."
Marge Simpson replied: "No one."
"How could you kill your own mother?", Marge Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Excellent. These color monitors have already paid for themselves."
"Fine with me. Look, I packed you a bag." Bart Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders responded "Now, in case all that smilin' didn't cheer ya up, there's one thing that never fails. A nice glass of warm milk, a little nap, and a total frontal lobotomy."
"Actually, those Prots and Cathies have hated each other for centuries." Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh yeah? What do you know about it? Y--"
"Flanders, I thought I was your plow man.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Name another."
Lisa Simpson said "Wait, rhinos don't come from eggs."
"The dog thinks so, too." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Okay. Question two -- who was your last employer?"
"Ho, ho, that's where you're wrong, friend." Ned Flanders replied.
"Thanks, Dad." Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Look, Dad, they've got every kind of paper! Looseleaf, graph, unlined, college-ruled!"
"Yes, yes, yes. So what?", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Maggie?!" Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Oh dear God."
"Are Bees Building Hives In Your Diaper Genie?..." Marge Simpson replied.
"Oh, please stop!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Get out! Get out! Get out!", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "So, you think they settled that bag boy strike yet?"
"Wow. Just think of the possibilities." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "Finally, a place where you can spread your wings and hop."
Homer Simpson answered "The name of Bart's partner? I'm all ears."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Aw... but I do hope you'll try to be good from now on."
Homer Simpson answered "Beautiful. We have confirmation."
Marge Simpson answered: "This is fun! And it was so nice of the movie company to let you show their film."
"You're the man, Homer.", Moe Szyslak replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "At least we hope it's bottom."
Homer Simpson said "Uh... all of them?"
"Hey, wait a minute. These animals are stuffed.", Bart Simpson answered.
"I won't be using the correct term then.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded "Are you sure mom is really gonna want a rusted-out kiddy train?"
Seymour Skinner said: "Now, students, I want you to be on your best behavior for this carefully-choreographed media event. Now this means there is to be no wising-off, no face-making, and no grass-eating. This means you, Ralph."
Ned Flanders said: "I figured a good time to pick you up was when they were at Lisa's recital."
Marge Simpson said "I didn't say they couldn't. I said you shouldn't."
"And for the first time in my life, education was the answer.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Par-ty! Par-ty! Par-ty!" Homer Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak replied "They got my bus pass. They got my bus pass!"
Bart Simpson said: "Doctor Wolfe likes to pull kids' teeth so he can sell them."
"It's not! My days are roman numeraled!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Marge Simpson: "Ooo... Did you hear that, Lisa?"
Marge Simpson replied: "As for the rest of you..."
Homer Simpson replied: "Usually a mink massage makes me feel better. But something's missing now."
"And I can prove it...", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Marge Simpson answered "To be honest, it's a little chilly."
Bart Simpson replied: "Seriously Dad, I'm worried. You should go on a diet."
"Dad, I'm just as sad as you are. What happened to Grandma is an outrage." Lisa Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak responded: "So, I'm in the grocery store the other day buyin' some cotton balls..."
"Hi, Hober. Dote kiss be, I'b all stuffed up." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "So you want me to go to college?"
Lisa Simpson responded "I did the best I could, Bleeding Gums."
"Fine. I'll look it up.", Homer Simpson answered.
"In America, first you get the sugar, then you get the power, then you get the women." Homer Simpson said.
"Look, it's ZZ Top! You guys rock!", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "Nervous, Lis? I don't blame you. This is where the Winfields hid their mutated son."
Marge Simpson responded "I was so upset I decided to send the portrait to the only man on earth whose opinion I could truly trust."
"Hey, Homer, you wanna try my new Vance Connor-politan? Like Vance, it is smooth, cool and oh-so-sophisticated." Moe Szyslak said.
"Oh, listen, you can hear the beautiful ethnic serenade...", Marge Simpson replied.
"I am so sick of doing her dirty work. She's taking advantage of us, Homer." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Pushy kids think they can tell me what to do in my house. I tell you parents these days, they don't know how to rear children."
"I don't know if I like you experimenting on your brother.", Marge Simpson replied.
"'Course not. There's no pain in the Garden of Eden. Hey, you must be Eve." Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, I know.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Blah blah blah, blah blah blah..." Homer Simpson responded.
"That is one evil dude.", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Hello, Doctor Hibbert? This is Marge Simpson."
"You're talking to the girl who wants a career in jazz.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Tell him I'm going to the back seat of my car with the woman I love. And I won't be back for ten minutes.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Testing..."
Moe Szyslak said: "Okay, place your bets."
Lisa Simpson replied: "I can't."
Homer Simpson replied "Low and lazy, so -- Hey! Say something again."
"Don't open this one again.", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Homer, you should be more supportive."
"You're wrong! And whenever you're wrong you just sprout gibberish.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "And who could forget dear Rat boy?"
Bart Simpson replied "That dummy worked like a charm, Dad."
"Can we go to bed now?", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Mag-gie. It's me, Dad-dy!"
Homer Simpson replied: "So, you forgive me?"
Marge Simpson replied "Yesterday's the day we were supposed to visit Grampa!"
"A plane! Stop! Get me off this stinking rock!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Bart, pass the corn. Bart, pass the corn!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Flanders!? He's not man enough to trim my crust. I mean Pie Man's crust. I'm not Pie Man."
"Did that really happen? Or was it just a wonderful dream?" Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Toast."
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Oh, well, when I was six, my father took me on a picnic. That was a gay old time. Oh-ho, I ate my share of wieners that day."
Homer Simpson replied "What? Not allowed to get one right?"
C. Montgomery Burns responded "BUT A GREYHOUND FUR TUXEDO / WOULD BE BEST / SO LET'S PREPARE THESE DOGS..."
Homer Simpson: "Well, I trust you, Moe. If you say I can beat this guy, then he doesn't stand a chance."
"How shall we end it?" Marge Simpson replied.
"That'll do." Seymour Skinner responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "Why don't you finish your own darn..."
Ned Flanders answered "Reverend, thanks for turnin' the church into a He-without-cineplex."
Homer Simpson said "Mmm, steamed Gentile."
Homer Simpson responded: "Nah, you must be thinking of your mother. I'm always exploring alternatives and expanding my horizons into realms of... Can't we just go in?"
"Lousy Bart... his money... All right, New York, I'm coming back. But you're not getting this!", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Uh-oh. I don't like the sound of that."
Homer Simpson answered "We'll get those kids back."
"Ah, here we go." Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Look, if you promise never to tell her, I'll let you be in the movie."
Moe Szyslak said: "What? I'm sorry. Homer, I couldn't hear you."
Marge Simpson replied: "Bart."
"Why didn't you say that before!", Homer Simpson answered.
"The Troll Twins of Underbridge Academy." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Then we figured out we could park them in front of the TV. That's how I was raised, and I turned out TV."
Marge Simpson said "I like to warm up by sweeping behind the snack bar."
Marge Simpson: "See, I don't know that He is. In the bible he's always smiting and turning people into salt."
"Time to begin Operation Xmas-Remind of-How good is.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Oh thank you, Marge -- Pink?"
"Lisa, the President of Harvard would like a word with you." Seymour Skinner replied.
"Look, son, all I'm asking is that you try.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Ow!"
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Homer!"
Homer Simpson responded "Flanders, you wouldn't throw us out on Christmas, would you?"
"Who am I kidding? I ain't Moe St. Cool.", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Why are you doing this? Wait. Are you in love with me?" Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "This is even worse than you think -- look!"
Homer Simpson responded "They hid them in every millionth Krusty Klump bar and Krusty Klump bar with almonds."
"Dad, look at me! Look at me!" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Time for bed, sweetie."
"I couldn't bear to tell your mother, so I hang out here all day.", Homer Simpson said.
"They'll call him Screwy Louie." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Dad, help!"
Homer Simpson: "DOMO AREGATTO, MISTER ROBOTO..."
Marge Simpson responded: "Why don't we have any couples friends?"
Seymour Skinner replied: "Somebody put a torch to these permanent records! Quickly now."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Maybe one more."
Homer Simpson answered: "Okay, Ned. Get ready for your welcome home surprise."
Bart Simpson responded: "That's not enough! We demand more asbestos! More Asbestos!"
"Yes there is, there's a garage full of counterfeit jeans." Homer Simpson replied.
"THE HILLBILLY TYKES WILL BECOME MY TUTEES!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Jesus?! I thought it was Gepetto!", Homer Simpson said.
"Marge, you bring Bart home now! Once you go Vatican, you can't go back again.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Take thy beak from out my heart, and take thy form from off my door!", Homer Simpson responded.
"I've had a cold.", Seymour Skinner answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Lisa. Guys, do you realize you're being exploited by this team?"
Marge Simpson answered: "This is it, honey. We did it."
Bart Simpson said "Just ask if anyone knows Ollie Tabooger."
Lisa Simpson answered: "How can you stand there eating snacks and being children, when the world's glaciers are vanishing?"
"Lisa, I gotta tell somebody. I was at the Quimby compound yesterday when that frog waiter got whacked. I know that Freddy Quimby is innocent.", Bart Simpson responded.
"THREE... LIT-TLE MAIDS..." Bart Simpson answered.
"That's what I said, foilage . It doesn't take a nucular scientist to pronounce foilage." Marge Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner responded: "But how can you afford all this on a widower's salary?"
Homer Simpson said: "Where is it. The game... where is it?"
"Boo, Baron!", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "What the? I'm chained up like a common bicycle!"
"Children, your gym teacher Ms. Pommelhorst has a brief announcement.", Seymour Skinner answered.
"Lisa's slumber party.", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "What's wrong with stinky?"
"Yeah, but it's twice as much as a deadbeat dad." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "I have no regrets about that. It was a perfect pregnancy. Didn't smoke, didn't drink, lost three pounds. And every night before bed, Homer would give me a little kiss... music. Could Bart have been prenatally screwed up by the KISS music?"
Marge Simpson: "Homer... I'm a Bailey Booster."
"I'm going to enjoy devouring you, Bart Simpson. Yes... I believe I'll start, as you've so often suggested, by eating your shorts.", Seymour Skinner replied.
"I love these new planes." Lisa Simpson said.
"This is a rather lifeless outing." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Well...", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "Here's Bart sleeping... Here he is dozing... Here he is after a visit from the sandman... Ooh, here's nappy-time Bart... Here's a cute one, he's all tuckered out..."
"Eww. Thank you, Milhouse. Now it's time for today's special live edition of Bart's People.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Oh, okay. Then I'll take that one there with the beady eyes.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied "No."
Marge Simpson replied "Ghost? What ghost?"
Marge Simpson answered "I don't want to hear any more about Ray. Tomorrow morning you buy some shingles and fix that roof yourself."
"I wish to announce the formation of PPASSCCATAG: Proud Parents Against Singles Seniors Childless Couples and Teens And Gays." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "On a poker site!"
"Ding ding ding ding ding..." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Shary Bobbins, you're just what we're looking for." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "But baby, a man has needs."
"Free mouthwash! Free shampoo! Free shower curtain!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "I am not a number, I am a man. And don't you ever... Oh, wait, I'm Number 5. Ha ha! In your face, Number 6!"
Homer Simpson responded "I love being married."
"The buffalo are gone. I think you shot them all." Marge Simpson answered.
"Neither! And I don't like it when other people rhyme!", Ned Flanders said.
"I'll leave you guys alone." Bart Simpson replied.
"Dad, I don't want to hurt people's feelings.", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "I'm sorry, I know it's wrong. I messed everything up and now I don't have any dogs at all."
"AND COULD I LEAVE YOU / RUNNING MERRILY THROUGH THE SNOW?", Homer Simpson said.
"Candy Warhol? Xavier Nougat?" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Now get out of my house." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "Ladies and Gentlemen, I'm sorry to disturb your pleasant ride, but unlike yourselves, I was born without taste buds. Let me demonstrate."
Lisa Simpson said "Begone!"
"Well... sure. We'll have to move a chair in from the den, but it's no problem. Bart!" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "We love you boy!"
"I think what Lisa meant to say is..." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Ooh, look at all the inventions Edison came up with. The stock ticker, the storage battery, even wax paper. And look at him dance."
Marge Simpson replied: "Homer, we're going to my sisters'! Remember, pick up Bart!"
"Thank you... no shoving... that's right, put your money in here... all of it... Is that everyone?" Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded: "WHEN YOU GET A PENNY FROM A CHUM / DON'T JUST BUY SOME BUBBLE GUM! PUT IT IN YOUR CAP! PUT IT IN YOUR CAP! WHEN YOU FIND A NICKEL IN THE SNOW / DON'T JUST BLOW IT ON A PICTURE SHOW PUT IT IN YOUR CAP / PUT IT IN YOUR CAP..."
"...U-G-N. Impugn.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Up-bup-bup-bup-bup, don't look!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Must find man. Must find man. Must find man." Homer Simpson answered.
"Arrrgh!" Bart Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Don't leave until you find that leak!"
Homer Simpson said "Maggie!"
Homer Simpson replied "That's weird. The key doesn't fit."
"And you keep saying we need to do things together...", Homer Simpson replied.
"Are you okay?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered "Well, it's kind of funny... with all the craziness and confusion and mishegoss of packing... Ha... I forgot to pack."
"Aw, don't worry, son, they said the same thing about Urkel... that little snot. Boy I'd like to smack that kid." Homer Simpson responded.
"Come o-o-on! Come o-o-on!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Practicing tennis." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Bart!"
Marge Simpson answered "Well, Homer, you destroyed my artwork and my dreams. Good job. Very thorough."
Homer Simpson answered "Oh, look what you did. Now I have to get my cold cream gun."
"What's going on here?", Moe Szyslak responded.
"Mom!! Dad!!", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Oh, Homer, please. You're embarrassing yourself."
"Tram...Ample...Een! Tram...Baple...Een!", Homer Simpson replied.
"But State Farm took my money!", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "I'm so proud of you Lisa."
Lisa Simpson responded "This party's boring. Everything here is for babies."
"It's coming pretty close to the ground. Maybe I can catch it. Don't touch the telescope, Bart. Even a slight change in elevation can destroy a whole morning's work.", Seymour Skinner said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Well, Bart, I hope you're going straight to the principal about this."
"SPRINGFIELD SWINGS LIKE A PENDULUM DO!" Bart Simpson answered.
"I guess nobody likes the truth, huh Grampa." Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "I guess. As long as we don't make it a habit."
"Homer... Homer, this is the point where I really have to know what you want.", Marge Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak responded "Ow! Ow! Ooh! Ow! A snake in the cash register. Great prank, fellas, great. Oh, I'm gonna be sick tonight."
"Ooh, like the paper towels. Go on..." Marge Simpson responded.
"Dave is here! Man.", Seymour Skinner replied.
Marge Simpson: "... And in another article, I found out that to hire professionals to do all the jobs of a housewife, who incidentally is not married to a house, would cost forty-eight thousand dollars a year!"
Bart Simpson said: "Lis, in these crazy, topsy-turvy times, who's to say what's right or wrong? But right now my gut's telling me... Bleed Gramps dry."
"We'll be closer than best friends for the rest of our lives. But you'll never know what that's like, because you won't ever have a brother." Lisa Simpson replied.
"This looks like a job for Fruit-Bat-Man!" C. Montgomery Burns said.
Marge Simpson answered "Homer, did you go out and buy a twenty pound ham? And what's all this?"
"What are you doing?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Hello, Principal Dondelinger.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Mr. Babcock, can I take a ride in your car?" Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Slag off!"
"Bart, I really think we should stick--" Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Oh Marge, I Am so sorry. I should've listened to whatever it was you were saying."
Ned Flanders: "I'm sorry."
"No I don't!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Marriage is hard work. But it's worth it -- when you've got someone wonderful like I do." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Who? Oh."
Marge Simpson responded: "He shouldn't have deceived me, but I'm just so relieved Lenny's okay."
C. Montgomery Burns said "Hope that wasn't an avalanche. Be a chum and have a look-see."
"Well, why don't you invite him over to dinner. Turn him from an enemy into a friend. Then when he's not expecting it, bam! The old fork in the eye.", Moe Szyslak said.
Marge Simpson responded "Hmmm, well, if you want to get closer to him then maybe you should bridge the gap. I do it all the time. I pretend I'm interested in looking at power tools, going to those silly car chase movies, and... some things I'll tell you about when you're older. Do you understand?"
Homer Simpson answered "Oh, it'll happen again, son."
"Dad, I beg you to reconsider. Tractor pulls, Atlanta Braves baseball, Joe Franklin..." Bart Simpson responded.
"Exactly.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Citywide crossword tournament!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"A pillowcase full of quarters?! Where did you get that money and what have you done with the pillows?!" Marge Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak answered "Oh yeah, that's the stuff!"
"For you, Homie." Marge Simpson responded.
"Well, at least I'm not stuck at the cracker factory like Milhouse.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Listen, any of you guys wanna play Old Maid?", Bart Simpson said.
"It's the centerpiece, Bart!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "A doy."
Marge Simpson replied: "Oh, look at all these classy British plays."
"We'll get the Simpsons a present, an extravagant present! A mad, unthinkable, utterly impossible present! A frabulous, grabulous, zip-zoop-zabulous present!" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"But now I'm good because you turned me good. Isn't that all that matters?", Bart Simpson responded.
"He's doing eighty years on an opium bust. I never saw a man take to a Turkish prison so quickly.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Marge Simpson responded "No, no, no. Oh, Homie!"
"Woo hoo! A four day weekend!", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Maybe we'd tip you if you'd smile once in a while."
Homer Simpson replied "Are you kidding? We couldn't even convince you that Bruce Wayne is Batman."
"How 'bout history?", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "Sure, that's all you men do is, take and take and take, without regard to feelings or unicorns...here, take my lunch, too!"
"WHERE IS THE RENT? / I MUST HAVE THE RENT! / DOLLARS, DIMES AND NICKELS / I NEED THEM ALL RIGHT NOW!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Your present is leaving.", Homer Simpson replied.
"I still want one." Homer Simpson answered.
"On the way home we could stop and get your favorite treat: ice...cream!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Well, I wrecked the gate but you don't hear me bragging. Now let's roll.", Homer Simpson responded.
"And here's our TV next to the mirror. It looks like we have two." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "What! No one can live in a non-augmented reality! I need another pair of glasses!"
Marge Simpson: "Hey, they're your gutters too."
Homer Simpson said "Woo! STD's!"
"That thing for me." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said "Dad, that's so mean."
"You're getting married?! Patty, that's wonderful!" Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Hey, what the hell's going on?!"
Homer Simpson answered "Boy, I don't wanna freak you out, but I'm calling from inside the trunk."
"Look, Lisa. It's McGriff the Crime Dog.", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Wow, Mom, I never pictured you as any kind of authority figure before."
Seymour Skinner answered: "If we didn't get them back by five, we'd be charged for the extra day."
Lisa Simpson answered "Why'd you say that?"
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Eh."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Uh-oh, looks like I'm in more trouble. Born to be bad."
Homer Simpson replied "Get-- Get get in there..."
"Simpson, I don't know how you're doing it, but you're outputting ten times the power our American plant ever did.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"No, but I swam in it.", Homer Simpson said.
"Does it matter?" Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Lisa, that wasn't scary. Not even for a poem."
"Eh?", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Marge Simpson said "Homie, I can't find my spatula! Can you get another one?"
Marge Simpson replied "Oh, how embarrassing. Oh, we slept right through church."
Marge Simpson: "Ooh, Homie, you've lost weight."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Uh... Where are you?"
"Either the grave or somewhere much worse.", Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Eight..."
"Sing us a song, Shary Bobbins.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Gadzooks! The one hazard this balloon cannot negotiate -- a gentle breeze!" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"He did try to cheer me up when my hamster died.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Dave's not here! Dave's not here!"
"Mom, I am not..." Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "Unless..."
"I think we should call a town meeting. If we don't do something soon, we won't get any tourists at all.", Marge Simpson said.
"I didn't even notice." Bart Simpson said.
"My God... it's over... We're free!", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Before! Before! You're living in the past, Marge! Quit living in the past."
"Twenty million women in the world and I had to marry Jane Fonda." Homer Simpson answered.
"That was a killer tour, man.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Wow, Barney! You brought a whole beer keg."
"I'm not gonna hurt him. I'm just gonna wake him up.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "Yay! I wanna amble!"
Homer Simpson responded: "What do you think, sweetie?"
"We're gonna visit the place where J.C. Penney sends their damaged merchandise." Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "You expect people to go to the bathroom in their living rooms?"
"I'd like a lot of food, and for this to be the last decision I have to make.", Homer Simpson said.
"Yeah.", Homer Simpson replied.
"First comes love, then comes, um... Dammit, I know this." Homer Simpson answered.
"Lord help me, I'm just not that bright.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "But n-n-n-nurture..."
"Mm-hmm.", Homer Simpson replied.
"You can't give me a yellow card?! You're my father!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Well, what color is it? Blue or purple?"
"None of my biological kids ever wanted to see me at work." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "Dear Lord, watch over my sweet Homie while he's in the hoosegow."
Homer Simpson replied "Marge, that's what I bought it for!"
"Simpson!", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Dear Lord! What are you doing?" Seymour Skinner said.
"Exactly." Lisa Simpson answered.
"I paid for a colossal donut, and I'm gonna get a colossal donut." Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, yeah... perfect. Now then...", Homer Simpson responded.
"Uh... Geraldo... Simpson.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "Well, don't buy 'em!"
"Homer, I made a vow on our wedding day, to stay by you -- for better or worse. And besides... I love you. You're my Homie-womie-romie-domie...", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "WOWWW!!"
Marge Simpson replied "Jacques."
"I'll have you know I love this car as if it was my own child." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Okay Homer, remember your Lamaze training..."
Marge Simpson responded "Kids, your father and I have decided we're not in such a hurry to get you guardians."
Homer Simpson: "Man, that dude does not like Bart."
"Just call me Borders Books, 'cause I'll always be here." Homer Simpson answered.
"One's residential, the other is business." Lisa Simpson responded.
"No, I mean they're mannequins!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Stop calling everyone suckers!", Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Sandwich."
"Ooh Marge, that was fast. Yeah, that's it, baby. Grab my chest with your cold icy hands." Homer Simpson replied.
"What a lame-o!" Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "Come on. You liked John this morning."
"Or... your name could be on a book in ten minutes." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "Stop doing that, Mom."
"Alright. Yeah." Homer Simpson answered.
"Stupid president. Why couldn't he just stay in his own state?" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Don't do it, Dad!"
Bart Simpson replied: "Right in here my man."
"That's not the point. And another thing. I asked you to take out the garbage three days ago and you still haven't--", Marge Simpson answered.
"She's no Liza, but it works." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Ooh, so plump and juicy. He's gonna boil up nicely."
"More like jailed at Sing Sing!" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Honorable men can differ. Now what brings you down here?"
"And you'll never baby-sit again!" Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "I used to be a little overwhelmed, too, but it's not that hard. I can show you."
Marge Simpson said: "You hit so many home runs this year. What makes you think this Darryl Strawberry character is better than you?"
Marge Simpson said: "There's exactly one Rita Lafleur living in Springfield!"
"Now, that shouldn't be.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Moe Szyslak replied: "Phone call for Al. Al Koholic. Is there an Al Koholic here?"
Lisa Simpson responded: "How else would you know?"
"Homie, I realized that my most enduring creation is the life I've sculpted with you.", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "You know, this isn't so bad. I'll just spend the summer getting better acquainted with an old friend called Television."
Homer Simpson replied: "Because you've been such a great kid lately and I wanted to show you I appreciated it."
Homer Simpson replied "So hot, so sticky..."
Lisa Simpson: "Santa must have left it."
"Lemme get my belt sander. Maybe I can grind the ugly off your face." Homer Simpson answered.
"We're going to do what we do every day. We're going to make pretzels." Marge Simpson responded.
"It's just a movie, son. There's nobody that evil in real life.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Everything's so green and alive!" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "You make me sick Homer. You're the one who told me I could do anything if I just put my mind to it."
"Really?", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Hey, guys. Is it normal to see Burns' face on a bowling ball?"
"Homer, can't we place this ad after the dog fails his test?", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "If you all don't drop your guns and behave, no one gets the gold."
Marge Simpson responded: "You just need to develop a callous. See?"
"Figure of speech." Moe Szyslak responded.
"L'Ecole, c'est moi!", Lisa Simpson said.
"Mom.", Bart Simpson answered.
"La la la la la la..." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "I wish Grampa was my dad."
"Cool man! A media circus.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Huh?"
Bart Simpson responded: "Homer, that was a twenty."
"This house is not an embarrassment!", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "Ooh, I don't have that."
Ned Flanders replied: "That shy little imp?"
"You handsome devil. Someday they'll let you and me get married! Can you imagine the children?", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "Oh great, the tuck-in express in right on time."
Moe Szyslak replied: "I don't need your stinkin' money!"
Lisa Simpson answered "I'll stay with you, Dad."
Homer Simpson responded: "It'll be real soon enough."
"Ah! We need some excitement around here!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Bart Simpson said "Great, baby. Get me some more tokens."
Homer Simpson responded: "Homer Simpson takes care of his family."
"Aw thanks, Dad." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Hey, there we go."
Homer Simpson answered "Could've been. If we hadn't had kids."
Marge Simpson answered "Look at this little plastic couple. Mmm, so full of hopes, potential, dreams for the future..."
"Mm-hmm!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Let's hear it." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Correction. Three hundred and eighty million to fifty. So what are you gonna do with your share of the money, kids?"
"Homie, to honor Springfield's newest hero, I made you your favorite dinner. All three courses are dessert." Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered "I could do what I want to Bart's head?"
"What in blazes?!" Seymour Skinner answered.
Homer Simpson replied "How much did you say?"
"Don't worry, he can't stay mad at you forever. He is your brother.", Marge Simpson said.
"I had a feeling things would work out for you, honey." Homer Simpson answered.
"It's because they're stupid, that's why. That's why everybody does everything.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Little help, please? I made a boom-boom..." Homer Simpson said.
"Excellent.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Here! It's yours!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Destroy him.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Lisa Simpson said: "Come on -- we'll hide in the theater!"
"Marge..." Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Oh, where are my manners? There."
Marge Simpson answered "Give me a double espresso to go."
"Flanders!", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "MOMMM!"
Homer Simpson replied "But Marge, this one came with a free corncob pipe."
Homer Simpson answered "How would I know. Quit asking pointless... Bart look!"
"Whuh?", Bart Simpson responded.
"Sara, I hate to say it, but your top's upstaging the Pops!" Ned Flanders replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "I'm stealing five Segways at once! And speaking of segues, I'm off to my next morally questionable activity!"
"Well, there's nothing scarier than having to go to school. Ugh." Bart Simpson replied.
"What-everrr!" Homer Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders responded: "Hidilly ho, Stanster."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Tofu?"
"Seems almost a shame I'm gonna have to bang you against a wall till you die." Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "How much for your entire collection?"
Marge Simpson said: "A mother knows everything about her family."
"Fried shrimp.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Yes Mother.", Seymour Skinner said.
"Play along, Chubsy. There's a pie in it for you.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Dad, we weren't playing Pictionary -- that was an intervention to stop your drinking." Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "F.D.R.'s steadfast leadership also helped America win World War Two..."
"Aw, your leaves are drooping. Here, let me turn that gloom into bloom.", Homer Simpson responded.
"I make a lot of graphs.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "Marge!"
"Yes you are. You've been brainwashed by all those dog house commercials on TV. I know, I'll build him a dog house.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "I used to be."
Homer Simpson: "Excuse me."
Homer Simpson responded "Ned, I've learned that the only way a relationship survives is by forgiving! Endless, endless forgiving!"
"Yeah, hi, Roy. Hey, they're having open casting for the voice of Poochie." Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak answered: "Come on, Homer. We're dyin' of curiosity."
"I wanted to see 'em fire a gorilla out of a cannon." Homer Simpson said.
"You too, Marge. If you toned up a little, you'd probably get a lot more action.", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Good work, Database."
"Dad!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Bart!" Marge Simpson said.
"Has the boom been lowered?" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "Um mmm. I know what those movies are like. Killing innocent people, eating human flesh. You just get a lot of bad ideas."
"Never a dull moment, huh, Homer?" Ned Flanders said.
Marge Simpson said: "What are we laughing at?"
Marge Simpson said: "... He drinks out of the carton. He never changes the baby. When he goes to sleep, he makes chewing noises and when he wakes up he makes honking noises. Oh... oh... and he scratches himself with his keys. I guess that's it. Oh no. Wait. He kicks me in his sleep and his toenails are too long and yellow. That's all I can think of right now. I guess you're all tired and I want to thank you for letting me get some things off my chest."
"Oh, this punishment is so cruel." Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, rescue you, stuff myself with candy... It's all good." Homer Simpson said.
"Thank you so much for saving our son from that murderous mob.", Marge Simpson answered.
"What a perfect plan. Now Roger Myers' hotel is just around the--" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "It's gone for good, Marge. I finally realized, what's the point of having a gun for protection if you've got no one to protect?"
"So you're saying Moe's Dumbo, his bourbon is the giant ears, and we're that flock of racist crows?", Lisa Simpson said.
"Yeah, thanks. It's just past the end of the bar, next to the heavyset guy.", Moe Szyslak replied.
Bart Simpson answered "No arguments here. Man, I really come off like a jerk in this thing."
Homer Simpson said "Daddy's home, Sugar!"
Bart Simpson answered "Where's Mrs. K.?"
Seymour Skinner replied: "Lisa Simpson, you have just been transferred to the Springfield magnet school for the gifted and troublesome. Please climb into the idling bus."
"This mountain of stairs used to make bedtime a grueling chore. But not any more, baby!", Homer Simpson said.
"All right.", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "Hey, Milhouse, crank it up."
"Wow." Marge Simpson responded.
"Homer! Homer! It's a miracle!", Ned Flanders answered.
"There must be a website that can help you deal with a clingy baby.", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "How clever! The kids' menu's on the beak."
Bart Simpson said: "You know, Dad, I really did have a good time hanging out with you."
Marge Simpson responded "I can't believe you're giving up church, Homer."
"You ain't seen nothin'. Now beat it.", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "Ga-ga-goo-goo."
"She heard me? Hello?", Seymour Skinner responded.
"How'd they get your bar back to normal so quickly, Moe?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Get a room!" Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "I guess you can stay a little longer."
Marge Simpson answered: "Let me get you a coaster for those feet."
"Emergency whistle, pepper spray and this map of the most vulnerable parts of a man's body." Homer Simpson answered.
"Okay. I like...", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "I can't believe it, it's sticking. You're telling me new stuff, and minutes later it's still there! And it's all thanks to you. Marge, when I see you forming the vowels and continents --"
Bart Simpson responded: "Yeah... um... he hates how learning has taken me to a place he'll never go. See?"
Ned Flanders said "Uh-oh. Better cancel that dinner party tonight. Thanks for the nose-news, neighbor."
"Whoa, mama." Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "We've only brought in five dollars. And that came from Mr. Flanders buying back his own stuff."
Marge Simpson: "Reverend! Reverend! They took Homer!"
"Romantic? With Aunt Selma?", Bart Simpson replied.
"Went to practice her Portuguese." Bart Simpson replied.
"Then I insist on walking you home." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "Mm-hm, if you'd like to learn more about Colonial times we could take a field trip to Old Springfield Towne."
Marge Simpson responded: "Well... it could be worse."
Ned Flanders replied: "What do you think, Reverend?"
"But Dr. Hibbert said not to stress her out." Bart Simpson said.
"Stupid double snuggler's hitch! Only hope is to chew off my leg.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "Is there any sign of my husband?"
"That's it -- tomorrow we're doing something educational! We're going to the science museum!", Marge Simpson replied.
"Then what is his ghost protecting?" Homer Simpson said.
"You're not going, and that's final." Marge Simpson answered.
"Grampa, stop!", Marge Simpson responded.
"If they don't, I've wasted a lot of my life.", Bart Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders responded "Matthew, Mark, Luke-and-John!"
Marge Simpson said: "I'll fix you something."
Marge Simpson responded "Just charge me something, please."
"Sweetie, are you here to forgive me?", Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns said "Capital idea! Let's blow this fascist popsicle stand. We'll purchase a small island somewhere and start our own country, free from the relentless tyranny of Uncle Sam."
Lisa Simpson replied "Dad, as you know, we've been swimming. And we've developed a taste for it. We both agree that getting our own pool is the only way to go. Now before you respond, you must understand that your refusal would result in months and months of..."
Lisa Simpson answered "Okay."
Lisa Simpson answered "This is a disgrace."
"Disneyland!" Bart Simpson replied.
"Marge!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Well, duh." Marge Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Wait. Who is that young go-getter?"
Bart Simpson said: "Well, boy, I guess I owe you an apology. Who's a bird-eating monster? You are. You are! Yes you are!"
Marge Simpson said: "This is ridiculous. You've been through my delicates, my silkies, my dainties, and my unmentionables."
"Okay, Marge, things were said, mistakes were made. Let's end this madness and get on with our lives." Homer Simpson replied.
"What?", Seymour Skinner replied.
"No, think about people. About moments in your life that have been very romantic." Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "'Allo, luvs!"
Bart Simpson said "No."
"Hey, I was trying to help him. At worst, I'm an accomplice. I'm an accomplice!", Lisa Simpson said.
"Stephen Hawking!" Seymour Skinner said.
"Oh no! It's a real one! Noooooo! Why God, why?" Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "Really?"
Lisa Simpson replied "Squeaking that chair!"
"Hello, Smithers. You're quite good at turning me on.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Lisa.", Bart Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns: "Silence! Now, let's make some noise for everyone's favorite basketball team, whom I have renamed the Springfield Excitement."
Homer Simpson said "Lousy teachers. Trying to palm off our kids on us."
Marge Simpson replied: "Oh, I don't know... It doesn't seem right."
Ned Flanders answered "Aw, leave me out of this, Homer. Games of chance are strictly forbidden by Deuteronomy seven--"
"Hmm. I don't know what that is, so I'm gonna say yes. Now, go limp." Homer Simpson answered.
"Less chat, more hat." Homer Simpson replied.
"The Terrifying Callback!" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Homer Simpson: "Okay, I'm almost there... upward, ever upward... stay hydrated... I'm on the wrong tree... Okay, try again... here we go, okay..."
Marge Simpson replied "When I watched that pirated movie, I was stealing with my eyes. So I'm repaying the good people in Hollywood for the ticket I should have bought."
"Hey wait!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Much better! Oh good, the curtains are on fire!" Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Uhh... yeah!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Hear ye, hear ye, everybody makes mistakes. Let's go home."
Lisa Simpson responded "I'm sure everyone's happier with Santa's Little Helper here to love them."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Well, before our dad signs any contracts, he has a surprise for you..."
Marge Simpson: "Artie, please!"
"Ned, I know you like to worry, but these boys are never going to get self-confidence unless you let them try things for themselves." Marge Simpson replied.
"You put it on the fridge!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Oh, he did, did he? I'll show him! I'll bring you a weapon of unimaginable destructive power!"
"Knot with a K." Lisa Simpson replied.
"It must be a make-your-own sundae bar!" Bart Simpson replied.
"You come all the way to Jerusalem -- the happiest place on earth -- and all the photos in your camera are of funny soda pops?!", Ned Flanders responded.
"That's how we got our Kaypro!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Wait, wait! I'm not learning anything! I'm just goin' 'cause the teacher's pretty." Bart Simpson replied.
"Oh, come on, Mom. We use that same line on the kids when they're at camp." Homer Simpson said.
"Oh stop -- it's the journal of a sweet little girl! Keep reading, honey.", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "It's Saturday, December sixth."
Marge Simpson responded "There, there, Bart. You're just a late bloomer."
Homer Simpson responded "Hey, Captain Squid! If you really want to be nice to us, how 'bout some snacks?"
"Mmm, mmm. 'Sure are fun to scratch. Mmm. Satisfying." Ned Flanders said.
Bart Simpson answered "Larry? Larry the Lamb?"
Marge Simpson replied "Well, what are we waiting for?"
"Yeah, but after the ice cream man cut up his credit card, he got a little depressed." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "And they gave me this spiffy nerd ensemble, too."
"Hello, Isabel? Listen..." Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Mo-om, let's just grab what we can and get out of here. This storm is making people crazy."
"Easy... easy..." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "What happened to you?"
Homer Simpson said: "I'm keeping a promise to an American roadmaster."
"Good gravy!" Seymour Skinner answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Do you think you could use someone like me in your band?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Good work, son! We did it! We did it!"
Homer Simpson said "Sure! I've had it up to here with these damn rickets!"
"Maybe you're not really mad at Grampa. Maybe you're mad at yourself for taking him for granted all these years." Marge Simpson replied.
"Yes, but then I discovered the joys of raising children." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "Aye Carumba!"
Homer Simpson answered "Marge, you're my wife and I love you very much. But you're living in a world of make-believe. With flowers and bells and leprechauns, and magic frogs with funny little hats..."
Homer Simpson said: "That's great! Now I'll just get my present for you. Which is... right outside the door."
"Okay, Homer. I'm ready to learn. What's the first lesson? Just give me the topic sentence." Ned Flanders replied.
"Dad, Snowball's not fat. She's just got winter fur." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Sound off!" Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "I've been saying it for three weeks! But every time I open my mouth..."
Homer Simpson replied "Anyhoo..."
Marge Simpson responded "Give me those..."
Homer Simpson answered: "Ha ha. Cops can't win!"
"You know, Moe, you're a real jerk. I didn't mind so much when it came with beer.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "We'll see."
"Like Shine-ola!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "I was in heaven. If horse racing is the sport of kings, then surely bowling... is a very good sport as well."
"Complete confidentiality? Oh. And I'm sure he's as good as Dr. Hibbert. It says so right in his ad.", Lisa Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "A princely sum..."
Homer Simpson responded: "La la la la la la la. Nothing left. La la la... la... la."
Bart Simpson replied "Anyway, I'm really hoping you could... Dad?"
Lisa Simpson responded "Sorry. Sorry. I know we'll be friends. Talk about getting off on the wrong foot... heh heh."
"What's that guy doing here?", Bart Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak said: "I need a brilliant new poem for the farewell dinner. So if you could turn these into one of those and then don't say nothin' while I take all the credit, I'd really appreciate it, though I'd never admit that. And look, I got you started. Eh? Eh?"
Marge Simpson said "Election night is so exciting. I'm on pins and needles."
"Well, I wasn't sure I was doing the right thing. But then God Himself told me I should seek a new path." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Yeah, let's push him down the steps."
"I just wanna talk to a human being!", Moe Szyslak replied.
Marge Simpson answered "No."
"Please, Santa?", Bart Simpson responded.
"Oh, many things: Tai Chi, Chai Tea... But I find, when I can't keep the unhappy thoughts from swirling in my brain, the best thing is usually a nice long walk." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Oh, Mr. Burns! Why do terrible things always happen to wonderful people at three-oh-one p.m., which, for the record, is the correct time."
Homer Simpson replied "Hey, that's not the wallet inspector."
"Um, that's awesome. But I think I'll visit my ex-girlfriends and prove they still like me." Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Dad, this isn't about glue. It's about territoriality. He only wants the glue because I'm using it."
"So you'd know it's from me!", Homer Simpson replied.
"I go to see those other guys, we blow this junk up, once again Mom decides that they're a bad influence on me, and she stops seeing those women who make her so happy.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Ask your mother.", Homer Simpson replied.
"You can have it -- this one's way better." Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "Me first!"
Lisa Simpson responded "Dad, make Bart wash his hand."
Homer Simpson responded "Look at this, Marge! Fifty-eight dollars! And all of it profit! I'm the smartest businessman in the world!"
"SO SING IT AGAIN..." Bart Simpson responded.
"Well, you know what a man invented? Actual paper.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Not one word.", Homer Simpson said.
"An occasional hug is all I ask.", Marge Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "By building a casino, I could tighten my stranglehold on this dismal town!"
"She likes a little carrot after her oats. And she really likes it when you scratch her behind the ear. And if you're playing the radio, she likes contemporary adult in the morning and easy listening at night. Please take good care of my Princess." Lisa Simpson said.
"Oh dear. If we can't find a babysitter, we can't go. What a kick in the teeth.", Homer Simpson said.
"Homer, please. You know it's hard for me to make friends." Marge Simpson answered.
"XL." Marge Simpson said.
"What the-- where the hell is my sugar?!" Homer Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders responded "Okay, thanks for comin'!"
"Uh-oh... no time." Ned Flanders said.
"Ah, I think I got your lunch.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Oh, Moe, they're dead! And it's all my fault!", Homer Simpson said.
"Why am I still rotting away in the second grade instead of being skipped ahead?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Oh, why won't anyone give me an award?", Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, I don't...", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "Whoa careful, Dad. Blow a gasket and you lose your job."
Bart Simpson said: "Whatever."
Moe Szyslak said "I guess I just wasn't meant to be happy or handsome or anything really."
Homer Simpson answered: "Eh, somebody'll cover for me."
"Alcoholics." Homer Simpson answered.
"Hmm. A night out is a night out.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Marge, uh, maybe you should take a break from wedding planning. I think you're becoming a... Bridezilla." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "And the best thing is, even if they weren't waving, it would be okay."
Moe Szyslak responded: "All right, customers! And they said you couldn't open a bar in Kansas."
Marge Simpson answered "And why is the hole in the roof even bigger?"
Lisa Simpson replied: "I made a new bar of soap by squeezing all our little soap slivers together."
Homer Simpson said "Huh?"
Bart Simpson responded "Lipizzaner... got it."
"I had finally realized every rock star's dream...", Homer Simpson responded.
"I'm doomed! Can they climb stairs?" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "And wherever Pie Man is, the Cupcake Kid will not be far behind."
Bart Simpson answered: "Wow, it's approved by the Royal Magic College of Hyderabad."
"Well, all's well that ends well. Goodnight, Marge.", Homer Simpson said.
"Two tickets for...", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Bien."
"She thinks she's decided. Don't say a thing. Don't blow this!" Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "Wait! Before you send him to hell, there's something you should see."
Marge Simpson responded "Well, if that's what you think is best, let's just go down to the kennel and get Santa's Little Helper back."
Homer Simpson responded "Nooooooooooooooooo!"
"Quick, find the master log! There's always a master log." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Great jokes make me hungry. I wonder what's in the pantry..."
Marge Simpson responded: "Lisa, nobody likes a gloater. Right, Homie?"
Homer Simpson answered "Aw, her first enabling."
"It was wrong of me to play goddess!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "We did it!"
Marge Simpson: "God didn't give you legs so you could use them as scissors!"
Bart Simpson answered "Just do it!"
"Don't ask questions! Just go!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Bart-the-bloody-pulp Simpson is on the ropes. He's hoping I'll put him out of his misery. Well, you're in luck, Bart, here comes my right.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Sanctuary!"
"Wow, she still works here?", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "I was serious."
C. Montgomery Burns answered "COME JOSEPHINE IN MY FLYING MACHINE!"
"This is a valuable skill. People might even pay you to build things for them.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Oh no no, she says lots of words. Like when she wants something, she says"
Marge Simpson: "Please lift this restraining order, Judge Harm. It's poking our family apart."
Marge Simpson answered "Now we have nothing to worry about in the event of a fire except our lives."
"Howdily-Doodily there, President Bush--or should I say President Neighbor! I'm Ned Flanders, and this is Maude, Rod and Todd." Ned Flanders said.
"Quit suffocating me. I'm going to Moe's.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Dioxy-ribo-diamondoid?" Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded "Good one, Dad."
"It could be you!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Woo hoo! Free gas!" Homer Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak replied: "Full house?! You win again."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Maybe you whaaa--?"
Lisa Simpson answered "Do we really have to sit here the whole time? I mean, if we went out now, it might be cool to see the town empty."
Lisa Simpson replied "'Bye, Mom!"
Bart Simpson said "No objections, eh? Oh, that's great."
Homer Simpson: "Ooh, there's Ross Perot, Dr. Laura, Spike Lee..."
"Plus I designed a state-of-the-art stadium. We'll fund it with corporate naming rights. It's the Duff Beer-Krustyburger-Buzz Cola-Costington's Department Store-Kwik-E-Mart-Stupid Flanders Park!" Homer Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner responded: "Young man, the school dress code specifically forbids the wearing of earrings... unless you're of gypsy extraction."
"Take that! Woo! Woo! H-Hey! Hey!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Okay. The colors of the Italian flag are red, white and what?", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "I very much doubt that, Homer. These are horrible ghouls from the past."
"I heard that!", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"I do." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "I'm sorry -- it's just so fun and easy to judge people based on religion."
Lisa Simpson replied "I know how much to tip a waiter."
Marge Simpson replied "Look, you have to help discipline your son."
"Or should I?" Homer Simpson answered.
"What does that mean?", Bart Simpson answered.
"No!", Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "Half a gallon of chocolate."
Homer Simpson replied "Bonk it. Twist it. Smack it."
Homer Simpson said: "Marge... in a gang? What're you gonna do, shoot me with a frosting gun? Seriously, I would love that."
"A satellite dish!" Homer Simpson replied.
"I think you should. The court papers will be a great way to stay in touch.", Ned Flanders responded.
"Mmmm... Gummi Beer.", Homer Simpson said.
"I don't have to do it with him, do I?", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "Look, the room came with a fruit hat."
Bart Simpson replied: "Remember when this country didn't suck? 'Cause I don't."
Homer Simpson replied "Okay, now do Moe."
"Dad dances?" Lisa Simpson said.
"Congratulations, Isabel. I truly hope you enjoy the Friday morning council meetings and the, the free Snickerdoodle cookies.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Oh no you don't!" Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Uh, who's Alaska Nebraska?"
"That is so sweet! There I go again, settling!", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "But she'll leave the rest of him alone?"
"Um, listen, I'm outta town next week, so...", Bart Simpson responded.
"Oh, what better way to celebrate our wedding night than by keeping an unmarried couple apart?" Ned Flanders said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Feels weird."
"No." Ned Flanders responded.
"Well, we all gotta go some time." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "What the heck's going on?"
"I'm under thirty." Bart Simpson answered.
"That time you blinded me, he gave you a bike. That sure was a good soundin' bike...", Moe Szyslak responded.
"No." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "This awful. It's like listening to Schubert's unfinished symphony!"
Marge Simpson said "But that wouldn't happen unless..."
"Hey! I called that! I saw it first! Come back here!" Homer Simpson said.
"But I'm only two hundred dollars short of fourteen thousand, eight hundred dollars." Homer Simpson answered.
"Whoa, Otto-man! You work here?", Bart Simpson replied.
"Hey suckers, check it out. Marge is taking me to ride dirt bikes at the cemetery." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "All right! Here comes my name!"
"Bag or keister?", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "Uh-oh."
"You know Milhouse, I've been thinking. This town ain't so bad. Good friends, lots of lemons, numerous angel sightings -- when you get right down to it, Springfield's a pretty cool place to live.", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Hey Samantha, I'm sorry about gettin' you thrown in the penguin house."
"Lisa, I'm sure this Wiggum-arole will blow over -- you have to have faith in the wisdom of the average voter.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Mom, doesn't any love story have a happy ending?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"You plant the ants and then they grow?" Bart Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns said "It's clearly more than three letters!"
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Huh! What a coincidence. And a perfect opportunity for you to prove your loyalty. Go ahead Bartholomew. You may fire when ready."
Lisa Simpson responded "Maybe the best way to keep students from cheating is to trust them not to cheat."
"Homer!" Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "Now we can blame him for everything."
"Now squish about in those pants, rewetting every hour!" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Dad, I think this might be the work of Satan.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Oh, knock it off, you perverts.", Marge Simpson said.
"I tried greasing the bucket with bacon fat but your father kept eating it.", Marge Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak responded "Na, na, na. This is personal."
Lisa Simpson replied "Hmm... You could travel for free if you were a stewardess. Well, how badly do you want to get home? All right, all right, how about a courier? They travel for free, too. No, that's a terrier. They're dogs."
"Fish heads, fish heads, do de do de doo...", Homer Simpson said.
"Very well, you had your chance. I'm going to shred you like a Christmas card! Now, get out.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Ugh, ah, hello, Mr. Burns. Would you like to watch the fight?"
Bart Simpson: "Poor gullible Lisa. I'll keep my crappy sponges, thanks."
Marge Simpson answered: "President Bush is driving on our lawn! He must be lost."
Lisa Simpson responded "That's good, Dad."
"What happened?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Well, good for you! Anyone I know?"
"Well... someday I'd like to go on a nice vacation.", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "I don't think any of us expected him to say that."
Ned Flanders: "Uh, Marge, I... I appreciate your advice, but, uh, things have gotten... Well, they... they're a lot worse."
"I was for the casino!", Marge Simpson said.
"You know, it takes a lot for an eight-year-old to stand up in front of the whole town." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Well, it would be nice if the first thing I saw was a world at peace...", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Aha!"
"Can I have some more money?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "That's right. You've got a special daddy."
Marge Simpson replied "We know. And we're going to do something about it."
Bart Simpson said "Summer blockbuster..."
Homer Simpson answered "And I promise I will return this RV first thing in the morning. Easy... easy... easy... easy..."
"I'm gonna tell every psychiatrist I ever go to what you did.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Make it life and you've got a deal."
"Well, that's it. It's all over. Renee ain't gonna wanna hang around with no Joe Pinchpenny.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"Man, I kicked butt in the gladiator arena today! I won the last package of hot dogs on the ship! I got robbed by marauders on the way home." Homer Simpson replied.
"Yeah!", Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied "We're gonna push 'em back, push 'em back, push 'em way, way back! All the way to a new con-tract! 'Cause union power is a fact! And we're..."
Lisa Simpson responded: "And run with your leg tied to someone who wouldn't talk to you all year."
"Woo hoo, I'm a college man! I won't need my high school diploma anymore.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "Maybe if you didn't throw 'em on the floor..."
"Stupid monkeys.", Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "You dunder-headed stooges are the worst bunch of--!"
"No you didn't -- your plan was to burn the corn." Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "I'm sure you did. But still, don't you ever wonder what might have happened if things had gone differently?"
"I said I was sorry.", Homer Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "And what's that alarming sound? Smithers, get in here! Smithers!"
"Wait a minute..." Homer Simpson responded.
"Now, when you've got a bum ticker like we do, you need all the friends you can get. And Moe's is the friendliest place in the Rum District.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "You're a shoo-in now, Lis."
"Lisa, if you could have one wish, what would it be?", Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Too cornball."
Marge Simpson said: "Well, I'm proud of you, Homie."
"Shut up. And another thing - how come I can't get no Tang 'round here? And also... hold on a second.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "Mmm. No, thanks."
"As this month's rotating president of the Springfield Future Scientists Club, may I say: I'm sorry. And is there anything we can do to help?", Lisa Simpson said.
"Hurry up! I want to get Grampa back here by three so we can get him and Maggie on the same nap schedule." Marge Simpson said.
"Looking at you with quiet awe." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Lisa, your movie exposed our crappy side to the world. I knew you were lame, but I never imagined you were bogus." Bart Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders answered: "Hello, neighborino to the north. I sure like the cut of your gibberish."
"What have I become?" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Hmm. When you put it that way, it does sound a little far-fetched. But that's the lug you're looking at. And I vow to continue spending every free minute I have crusading for safety. Of course, I'd have a lot less of those free minutes if you gave me the job."
Bart Simpson responded: "And that's only one of the cool things we're gonna do with him..."
C. Montgomery Burns answered "I pickled the figs myself."
Homer Simpson replied: "Yeah, though the boy was a close call."
"Oh dear." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Moe! Don't throw out that brine!"
Homer Simpson said "I should have slept on it. Or at least stared blankly for a while. Perhaps if I'd been unable to think of a nickname, all our lives might have been spared."
"Thank you, Mr. Jarmusch -- you've taught me a valuable lesson that other people have bigger family problems than I do.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Did you hear that, Bart?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"I've been emotionally dealing with that all week. So, yes.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Lisa? Lisa?"
Homer Simpson answered "Fear not, people. I will lead you safely across."
"Gee, Lis, I'd love to, but this really isn't a good time...", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "He's out there, isn't he?"
Marge Simpson answered "What are you talking about?"
Seymour Skinner said "Exactly."
"That's the same time as Krusty the Klown!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "We've got a little planning to do. Step into my office."
Homer Simpson said: "What's the hubub? Did Moe finally blow his brains out?"
"The bad dog or the good dog?" Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "You're watching PBS?!"
Moe Szyslak responded: "No, oh sure, no, uh no... that's all right."
"You can do it, Otto. You're the coolest adult I ever met." Bart Simpson said.
"I made you a coffee mug on Mother's Day! Isn't that enough?", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "And don't you forget it."
Seymour Skinner: "Thank you, children. Welcome to the unveiling of our new school lunch purchasing plan, known as the Flex Plan."
"Marge Simpson, long-time reader, first-time stander-upper... did you have any special training to become a writer?" Marge Simpson responded.
"You think I work well with others?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Omigod! The ship!"
"Hmm, if it works on nasty scorpions, then maybe... it'll work on nasty stains!", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded "Bart, quit it!"
Marge Simpson: "Well, whoever he is, the Pie Man would never cave in to blackmail."
Seymour Skinner: "I'm in."
Bart Simpson replied "Yeah, nothing's up and nothing's down -- except for Martin, who died."
Homer Simpson answered: "Nice work, son."
"It's true. He is my son." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Marge Simpson said "What!"
"Be they bible-thumper...", Moe Szyslak answered.
"Lisa!" Homer Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders replied: "No, I just --"
Marge Simpson replied: "That's a risk I'm willing to take. So long!"
Homer Simpson: "I'm thinking about it!"
"Look, he thinks he's people." Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "I got Lisa's plankton kebabs!"
Homer Simpson said "Bart! Stop it!"
"Okay." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Hey, look! Is that Dad?" Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "Yo, mysterious pranksters, it's time for dinner."
Homer Simpson said "Slow down, Picasso! You were gonna start a novel without informing me?"
Bart Simpson: "Fight back, fun Homer! Together we can win!"
Bart Simpson said "Who's Fonzie?"
Lisa Simpson replied "C'mon Bart, here's our chance."
Bart Simpson answered "Uh, I don't know."
Homer Simpson responded "Moe, what are you doing here?"
"My children deserve to see me get a free gift." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "Wow! You are so much cooler than Milhouse's mom."
Moe Szyslak said: "No, hey, a lot of people live in trees... uh, Tarzan, the Berenstain Bears, flood victims..."
Bart Simpson replied "This book uses the ancient power of wanting."
"It's stuck!", Homer Simpson said.
"See? Animals can get used to anything." Homer Simpson replied.
"You stay away from my kids unless you're driving them to school!" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "That's good, Lisa."
"Not so fast! We came for Shakespeare, and we're gonna see Shakespeare!", Lisa Simpson said.
"Sorry I'm late. I was doing Carnak with my bodyguard." Homer Simpson answered.
"Well, boy, now that we got you back, I'm never gonna let you go again.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "Anything good?"
Moe Szyslak said: "Yeah, he only lost once: in his fight against illiteracy."
Lisa Simpson responded "Bart, I have a plan: we go to the morgue and come back with a hand. Put its fingerprints all over the railing..."
"Okay. I screwed this up pretty bad and, uh, I'm sorry. How long do you people remember things?", Moe Szyslak said.
"Did I do anything right?", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Nooo!" Lisa Simpson said.
"They wrote all the songs on Maggie's baby records.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "No dice!"
"What's all the hubbub-aloo?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Cuba, eh? Take her down, Smithers.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Bart! Be polite.", Marge Simpson said.
"It's a small price to pay to see you humiliate yourself." Homer Simpson responded.
"My little one." Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "It's five in the afternoon!"
"Trust me." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "His name is Bart."
C. Montgomery Burns: "our new janitor, Wade Boggs..."
Bart Simpson responded: "Of course I can twist it, I'm great."
Bart Simpson responded: "From now on I'll dominate you... in ways you don't realize."
Ned Flanders replied: "Oh my goodness, Homer. Wake up!"
"If we don't give back the money we won counting cards, the casino people are going to hurt Homer!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Uh, we'll wait for the next one." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Well, right now she's an out-of-work cocktail waitress. But she's going to be a country music superstar like... uh... that jerk in the cowboy hat... and that dead lady."
"Perhaps this might be appropriate.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Wait -- they're employees! They have to be nice to us! Let's go."
"Homie! What happened to you?" Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "No!"
"Asleep with your eyes open? Mom?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Come on. You can do better than that.", Marge Simpson replied.
"We listened to music radio in the car... and, since you kids behaved, we'll pick one fun thing to do here.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Dad, I think someone's trying to kill you!" Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "What a lousy party."
"Ten-four, Kemosabe.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Mmm. What do you think he's doing up there?", Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "What a weird looking vacuum cleaner."
Ned Flanders answered "No, that ain't gonna do it."
Marge Simpson responded: "Sit down, Homer."
Bart Simpson said: "Hitler?"
Homer Simpson responded: "I brought these people to Springfield... and now they've taken over!"
Lisa Simpson answered "Really?"
"Look, there's Dad!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "She's gone. Can you drive me home? I'm a little drunk."
"And that's why I earn less than my white co-workers!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Looks like that guy's got turret's syndrome!"
"Make that a chocolate milk and you've got a deal." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "That'll be our Christmas card this year!"
"Pretty much all my friends are divorced guys." Moe Szyslak said.
"Uh-oh." Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "Lisa, don't you think your brother's suffered enough?"
Marge Simpson replied "You just don't get it, do you, Homer? You told personal things about our lives even after you promised you wouldn't. I can't trust you anymore."
"What?" Moe Szyslak replied.
"Okilly-dokilly. Oo, I better go take down the manger scene. If baby Jesus got loose, he could really do some damage." Ned Flanders answered.
"Did you tell the teacher?", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "There are limits to how much two people should be together."
Homer Simpson said: "Olympic trials, eh?"
"Uh, well, your building will be fine, but unfortunately a lot of your merchandise was completely vaporized: high-end stereo equipment, size ten men's shoes...", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Huh. Didn't know they still ran those trains." Bart Simpson replied.
"Those dudes were... intense." Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "I can't -- I promised I wouldn't."
Bart Simpson answered: "Dad, the mailman is here."
Homer Simpson answered: "Well we'll have to organize a carpool. Every day will be like a road trip!... With your dad!... To school!"
Lisa Simpson: "You have thirteen pickled eggs in this jar! And one cockroach!"
Homer Simpson: "I spent it on beer."
Homer Simpson replied "Hey, that wasn't supposed to happen! Those finks double-crossed me!"
Homer Simpson said "The real magic is raising three kids in this economy! You can put the ball back now."
"The hell you are! Piracy is stealing! You're taking money out of my family's mouths." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "It's everywhere."
Homer Simpson responded: "Uh... uh yes, sir."
"Homie, look -- he's enjoying it.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Look, you got us a free trip. Just slack off and cash your check like you always do.", Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh, oh, you have to push in as you turn."
Marge Simpson answered "No!"
Homer Simpson responded "Yahhhhhhhh!"
"I'll give you this bottle of chloroform if you'll take us to The Who.", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "We got the recipe from the Fruit Punch Advisory Board."
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Now, why don't you listen to the musical stylings of Mr. Lionel Richie."
"He thinks he's so big.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Eh, God's cool."
Lisa Simpson: "I want a poodle!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Chickpea Fizz."
Homer Simpson replied: "Just fish... chicken... burgers... veal on Fridays... deer, but only in season... and if necessary, the sweetest meat of all... human."
Marge Simpson responded: "Ohh, anything, sweetheart."
"You think I don't want to? It's those TV networks, Marge. They won't let me. One quality show after another. Each one fresher and more brilliant than the last. If they only stumbled once -- just gave us thirty minutes to ourselves. But they won't, they won't let me live!", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "Yes, sir!"
"What?! What? What will we eat?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Shower you with love because this experience has taught me just how precious you are." Homer Simpson replied.
"If that tree gets too big, it'll ruin the beauty of that rock. We'll lose tourists! And then who will buy my roadside corn?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Don't worry, Dad, it's just a commercial. No one will remember this in fifty years." Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered "Mr. Gumbel, you're upsetting me."
Marge Simpson answered: "Yes, but they sold a bunch off to that frozen yogurt chain."
Homer Simpson answered "Just help me look!"
Homer Simpson replied: "How come you guys hesitated?"
Lisa Simpson said "I keep telling you, the ability to add two-digit numbers is not witchcraft!"
"Oh, I don't want to go to New York City.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "I couldn't agree more. Perhaps some sort of court-appointed baby-sitter or au pair."
"We need the money, and my life is pretty boring. Last week some Jehovah's Witnesses came to the door and I wouldn't let them leave. They snuck away when I went in the kitchen to get more lemonade." Marge Simpson answered.
"Gee, I'm sorry, man." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "My other baby mama!"
Lisa Simpson answered "We used our last day of summer vacation standing in this line, and now it's time for our reward."
"Oh, Marge..." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Sand... wich..."
Lisa Simpson replied: "I can't hear you."
Marge Simpson responded: "Look, napkins."
"My space toy!" Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson: "No, no! Yes! That's it! Bite, bite, bite!"
Lisa Simpson: "No, Dad."
Marge Simpson replied: "Well, maybe for your wedding!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Your box made promises of a vacational nature. And I expect you to live up to them."
"All right, I'll look.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "It's not about health, Marge. It's about going crazy."
"Look alive, Simpson! I'm not paying you to goldbrick!", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Boy, get in the car. And say goodbye to your best friend forever."
Bart Simpson said: "Well, you do look pretty in the moonlight."
Bart Simpson said: "Yes, sir."
Bart Simpson said: "Wait, dreams have rules?"
"CAN'T KEEP IT IN..." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "This one's mine."
Homer Simpson answered: "If I'm gonna tell that woman the truth, I'm gonna do it in the one place no one can ever be sad."
Homer Simpson said: "Okay, so we can't go over the fence."
"One hug can't hurt!", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "Race ya!"
"Oh hey there, Liser. Just oiling the old door here. Finally silenced that mournful wail." Moe Szyslak said.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Hey, they can't just build a parking lot on Saber Tooth Meadow. That's where they discovered all those fossils!"
"Marge? Are you helping her?" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Why can't I keep the job I have now, whatever it is?"
"Sure, why not." Lisa Simpson responded.
"The undersea world certainly is full of wonders." Marge Simpson said.
Ned Flanders responded: "I'll say. I'd really like to go out and get the mail."
"Nobody." Ned Flanders answered.
"Marge, let me do a solo. This could be my big break.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Homie!"
"Dad, no! It could teach us the secret of interstellar travel!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Hear ye! Hear ye! The intergalactic jester proclaims this conformity factory closed!"
"Ooh, a dancing Jesus. De-de-de-de-de-de-de-de. If there's a better use for the Internet, I haven't found it.", Homer Simpson said.
"Okay. All right. Okay.", Homer Simpson said.
"So when I took the test, the answers were stuck in my brain. It was like a whole different kind of cheating." Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Hi, Ralph... um, I just wanted to tell you there was a tooth in the valentine you gave me."
Marge Simpson answered "Mmmm."
"Bart, what are you doing?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"They sound angry... and Africanized.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "It would take a man of stone with a funny bone of steel to resist that."
"Cool! / Neat-o!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"I'm sorry, sweetie. It's just a Strandie discussion group. Yes it is! We discuss why airplane go crash-crash, but people don't die-die." Homer Simpson responded.
"Now there's nothing to do now but sit back and wait for the kudos to roll in.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Thank you.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "You probably would."
Homer Simpson said "J."
Homer Simpson responded "You're welcome, honey."
"Flanders?! How'd you get in here? This place is a highly-sensitive area." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "Ray's not coming!"
"Don't you have any sense of corporate responsibility?", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "S-U-C-C-E-E-S / That's the way you spell succes--"
Moe Szyslak answered "Then, black tie the whole deal."
Lisa Simpson said "Hi, Allison? I'm Lisa Simpson. Oh, it's great to finally meet someone who converses above the normal eight-year-old-level."
"Which one's Itchy? The car?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Can't. Frozen."
Homer Simpson responded: "Ooh, me too."
Marge Simpson responded "These are for Lisa's class."
Marge Simpson said: "Homie, everyone loved my calendar... but only you get to flip the pages."
Marge Simpson said "And this goes too."
"Oh, oh, that radio show.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Okay, I'm leaving." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Marge, I agree with you, in theory. In theory Communism works. In theory."
Bart Simpson replied "Listen, you guys are welcome to come over and read it any time you like."
Ned Flanders replied "Now, Maude, in our movie, you lay baby Moses in the basket, then put it among the reeds. Okay? Lights, camera, act - diddily-doddily-doodilly- Action Jackson!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "What? You did?"
"P?! The A.A.R.P.?! Well that tears it. I don't want this milk and I'm not gonna take it back.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "I-I'd like to borrow five thousand dollars."
"Yes, you do!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders: "Language."
"Not yet, sir.", Lisa Simpson said.
"All right, I get it." Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "Honey, did you have any luck?"
Bart Simpson answered "Now to get my comic book and explore a world where no one's mad at George Lucas."
"Oh, would you two knock it off? I hate all the programs Marge likes. But it's no big deal. You know why?" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "It's a father-son commitment band that I bought and never told you about!"
Marge Simpson: "Bartholomew J. Simpson, how can you be so mean?"
"Hmmm. What is this? Some kind of force-field around these vegetables.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"I think this is something Bart would really have enjoyed. But it's the only way he'll learn." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Lisa, will you keep it down!? I'm making a crank phone call to Principal Skinner." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Woo hoo! Homer Simpson with the pick!"
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "So we need one meat sock on the payroll. But who?"
Homer Simpson: "Dad, we've never been too close, have we?"
"The whole town's laughin' at me. Even that cat out there. Bart, kill that cat!", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "All right. I'd like to sign my daughter up for lessons, Vicki."
Bart Simpson responded "Are the Pope's tweets infallible?"
Homer Simpson said "I'm only one man, Marge."
"Principal Skinner is having second thoughts? Poor Edna!", Marge Simpson responded.
"Lisa, what's wrong?" Bart Simpson answered.
"Microatia? That's twelve thousand miles away." Lisa Simpson replied.
"I can't come up with an idea for my homecoming float. Do it for me.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Yes." Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "Mom! Bart implied I was a warthog!"
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Oh, I'll never forget my carefree boyhood days on this old boardwalk..."
C. Montgomery Burns said "Is there room in the head bag, Smithers?"
Homer Simpson responded "Eh, I can't afford it."
Marge Simpson replied: "I wouldn't say I paid someone to be your friend. I just gave her money for records and ice cream."
Homer Simpson responded "Marge, I'll be on my best behavior -- you have my word as a gentleman and a lady. Now let's see, which rifle should I bring?"
Homer Simpson responded "Be intimate with Marge."
"Okay, I just have to keep these tipsy witches safe for ten more seconds.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "What? Now? Why?"
"It's okay. We're married.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "Uh-oh."
Marge Simpson responded: "Ned, that's so considerate."
Homer Simpson answered: "Knock it off!"
Homer Simpson said: "Woo-hoo!"
"Oh yeah?" Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns: "Ah, reckless youth."
"You... let... go..." Homer Simpson responded.
"A lot of good backups. How pregnant is the raccoon?", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Honey... we'd love to, but... a prize-winning bull is thousands of dollars."
Homer Simpson answered "Woo hoo!"
Bart Simpson responded: "My compliments to the delivery boy."
"I've said it before and I'll say it again... Aye carumba!", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "There's no cut on your cheek..."
"What's the matter, sweetie?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Yeah, native Americans like us.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied "I'll be in my room."
"Homer!", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Nothing. Just sit. I'll be back."
"You should've seen the look on Krabappel's face!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Yello?... It's for you.", Homer Simpson said.
"I'm not a hoarder! Do the Yankees hoard pennants? Does Marrakesh hoard intrigue?", Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "Oh! This is the best present I ever got. Thank you, Bart. Thank you Michael."
"I don't know about this, Dad. Shouldn't we give the money to charity or some...? Ow!" Bart Simpson answered.
"Forget it. I'd rather get a zero.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Wow, the killers have been kind to me... while the people who were supposed to protect me treated me like dirt! What kind of a world is this?"
"What'd I miss?" Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Sorry, Bart. Your mother bought us tickets to a snooty movie directed by some Swedish meatball."
"Whaa?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "You gonna bribe 'em?"
Lisa Simpson replied "But those other girls are prettier than me."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Ya-huh!"
"Yes, ma'am." Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "Back to the car."
"I love you, son." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "I'm the king of goofing off!"
"And that's not your strong suit, big guy." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Never mind."
Marge Simpson replied "Oh, no. A salesbot!"
"That's okay.", Homer Simpson said.
"Sure." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson said "I said, are there any areas that we, his parents, can improve upon?"
Bart Simpson responded: "Sir, yes sir! Luckily, I am now trained in six additional forms of unarmed combat, sir!"
"Cut it off, but be careful.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"But... I deserve... acknowledgement..." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Are you kidding? Lisa turned out perfect. I won't stand here and listen to you bad-mouthing Lisa!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "That's my little slugger."
"That little punk. I'll teach him some manners.", Homer Simpson said.
"Implied, Lisa? Or implode?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Uh, sure... let me write you a check." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "He's adorable! I'd sure like to tuck that in at night."
"Well, at least they left your underwear on. That was nice of them.", Marge Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner said: "Teachers. You don't have the guts to strike."
"Nah, just your screwy country." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "Hang on. Wait a minute."
"I think we should try to restore Bart's faith in Buck. And we could start by getting Buck to quit drinking." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Do do do do do..."
"Yeah. I made a great film, but I'm havin' trouble gettin' it out there. I'm like Michael Moore, except I'm skinny, my jeans are washed, and God loves me. I just wish I could find some way to spread my message." Ned Flanders answered.
Bart Simpson said: "I'm sorry."
"Nelson, how was your summer?" Bart Simpson replied.
"Yeah, and I could really use your help." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Your stupid invention made me realize my life is worthless!"
Lisa Simpson responded "Sgt. Skinner was a hero. He risked capture many times behind enemy lines."
Moe Szyslak responded "Yeah, I know, Homer."
"That was an amazing throw." Homer Simpson responded.
"The eggs are supposed to be tossed between students, not at the principal. Once more and hurl!" Seymour Skinner said.
"Yeah, it's my code name. This is Compost. And this is Solarpanel.", Lisa Simpson said.
"No way. C'mon, quit hoggin' the gun.", Bart Simpson said.
"Okay.", Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "Ideally no, but..."
"You're experiencing spiritual emptiness because your power has isolated you from other human beings.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded "How could I confuse bus 22 with bus 22A?"
Moe Szyslak: "Hey you can't come in here dressed like that."
"You get the same results with a mincing gel.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Oh my God! I know that kid! We've gotta help him!"
"Sorry.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "Yeah, go on."
"Hey!", Homer Simpson answered.
"I call the big one Bitey." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "Hm, yeah."
"Shhh, quiet Lisa.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Yeah, I do know a lot about nuclears."
"I've got no time for your demented parlor games! You won't be telling anyone else that Homer Simpson shot you.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Now to put this tape where no one will ever listen to it." Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "Quick, in here!"
"Oh my God! I'm not dead!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "You know if you need a hat check girl, I've got a daughter."
"Hmmm. Well as long as I'm asking something, can I ask him to assuage my fears that he's contaminating the planet in a manner that may one day render it uninhabitable?", Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "Where do you get your money?"
"Aw, thanks. Now how 'bout a dance with your Daddy?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Good news, everyone. I got in a fight with the garbage men and they're cutting off our service."
"Uh, long story. Uh, we were trying to impress some girls -- and things kinda got away from us." Moe Szyslak responded.
"It means these two fabulous babes are staying for dinner.", Homer Simpson replied.
"There's a happy baby. Aren't you? Aren't you?", Marge Simpson responded.
"This winning cornucopia is magnificent." Marge Simpson said.
"The last place I saw it..." Bart Simpson replied.
"Will cash be okay?", Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, these fortunes are terrible.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Thanks."
Lisa Simpson responded "You grab a bucket and a brush and clean harder and faster than you ever have before."
Homer Simpson replied "You can't close! I'll have to go home and drink better beer at half the price in natural lighting!"
"I wonder if he's going to say anything about that horrible fish." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "That's okay. I'll just push the button for the stimulator, I mean elevator."
"Well, I suppose I could just skip college and marry Milhouse..." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Homer, this thing with your Dad has had you moping around the house for days. I think it's time for you to talk to someone who understands.", Marge Simpson replied.
"I'll do anything but sing!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner responded: "Oooh, back on the saddle she climbs."
"Smithers, I've just seen the most heroic dog on television. He pulled a toddler from the path of a speeding car, then pushed a criminal in front of it. Find this dog. I want to make him my executive vice president.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Mr. Bergstrom! Hey, Mr. Bergstrom!"
"They didn't have any aspirin, so I got you some cigarettes.", Homer Simpson said.
"Really, why?" Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded "Excuse me, uh, Pharaoh? I think Moses here has something to ask you. Go."
"Another thing that would be harder with four kids." Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders answered "So anyway, uh, your movie's wrapping up soon. I guess you'll be headin' out on the first bus to the airport. If you ride with a friend, you can save twenty bucks!"
"Oh, my best dress." Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh, right.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Yeah, tell it, Mom."
"I gotta go.", Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Homer, that was rude and shortsighted. Patty and Selma have the map."
"A whole weekend? I don't know..." Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Anything, huh? Okay... I want pizza, and I want it delivered by Krusty the Clown."
Marge Simpson said: "The end of the world as we know it?"
Bart Simpson replied: "Cowabunga, dude!"
"But you're just perpetuating a negative Italian-American stereotype. I mean, you could be a pizza man, organ grinder, uh... leaning tower maker... and... did I say pizza man?", Marge Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak said "Whoa, whoa, whoa, now I gotta find a friend?"
"Curtain puller?!", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Eh, nothing we can do.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "What's that, sonny?"
"What? Gimme that.", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Bart! We did it! Now we get to keep our house, and you get to go back to fourth grade!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Yeah, that's me all right. And the guy standing next to me is President Gerald Ford. And this is when I was on tour with The Smashing Pumpkins. Oh, and here's a picture of me in outer space."
Homer Simpson said "You're right, Marge. Good work, boy."
"This guy sucks. He can barely make it to the top." Homer Simpson said.
"No! Wait! Wait! Bullfighting is a cruel, pseudo-sport!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"I'm not worried, Lis. You know why? Because of this...", Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered "Dad, no!"
"You told me you liked it! You didn't read it at all! You lied to me!", Marge Simpson responded.
"I'm good for the rest, you know I am." Homer Simpson replied.
"Aw, we're gonna die and I never tasted canteloupe." Moe Szyslak replied.
"What kind of insane parking system is designed so you're blocked in by everyone that arrived after you?!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Will do!"
"What's so funny?", Marge Simpson responded.
"All you have to do is sign a paper that says I can have your soul. I need a soul, Ralph. Any soul. Yours.", Bart Simpson answered.
"No, no, no. No, ask your heart what its fondest desire is." Marge Simpson replied.
"And that kind of stuff is worth money?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Three... two... one... it's Ash Wednesday everybody! Set down your gins and confess your sins!" Ned Flanders replied.
"Very true.", Seymour Skinner answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "Lis, I've learned a valuable lesson here: the pen is mightier than the flaming bag of poop."
Homer Simpson responded "I got the job. I got the job! Whoo hoo! Only in America could I get a job!"
Seymour Skinner answered "For your information, I am not a loser! I'm a successful principal who paints houses in the summertime."
Marge Simpson replied "Wait, wait, wait, there's one thing I don't understand here."
Lisa Simpson replied: "My new best friend isn't what I thought. She's a... Republican."
Bart Simpson said: "Family outing? I'll start -- Lisa's gay!"
"Uh, honey, there's a point in every father's life when he blows up his daughter's room." Homer Simpson said.
"Lisa! My goodness! That's very impressive!" Marge Simpson responded.
"Okay, Lisa. I've got Furious D across the board, boxed with the three and the eight, and wheeled up and down.", Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied "You're gonna have to deal with more nonsense like that."
"No it's not!", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "What's goin' on?"
"Hello. Hello. I'm-I'm Marge Simpson. And I'm here to talk about a-a-a wonderful, beautiful thing--" Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "Yes. You are right, Milhouse. It is a fake. Which makes it a fake I.D."
Marge Simpson responded: "Homie, I think the kids are just hungry."
"I saw my advantage and I took it. That's what heroes do." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Oh."
"Hey, I've got an idea. Let's tie a string around a fly." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Well, I was going to ask you for a glass of water, but now I feel kinda guilty about it."
Homer Simpson: "Yeah, dogs like to bury old junk."
Homer Simpson answered: "Well, I love to play, but I'm not very good. Also, I always forget to cash my chips back in for money."
"You dog.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Yeah. But what's gonna happen to the animals?"
Marge Simpson answered "Hello?"
"Once again, I've been saved from any consequences. It'll keep happening till one day I create a mess so enormous it can't be cleaned up. Thanks, boy.", Homer Simpson responded.
"I'll mace you good!", Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "That man could really put pressure on you."
"Dad, I've done everything I could and I've only got thirty-five bucks. Ugh.. I am through with working. Working is for chumps.", Bart Simpson said.
"Sorry. I just want to be a broom boy so bad.", Bart Simpson responded.
"I thought it was arm wrestling.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Homer!" Marge Simpson answered.
"I can't believe Dad is missing this!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak said "...I was headin' to the restaurant supply store to buy some urinal-cake mix, when I was suddenly sideswiped by love."
"My burns have affected our... intimacy... because all night, I talk about how much money I'm going to make from the lawsuit.", Homer Simpson answered.
"And there's a map of the subway system attached. Homer, we've got to stop him!", Marge Simpson answered.
"Well, maybe it's all for the best..." Marge Simpson responded.
"Hey, just a sec, I'll check. Amanda Huggenkiss! Hey, I'm looking for Amanda Huggenkiss! Why can't I find Amanda Huggenkiss!" Moe Szyslak responded.
Bart Simpson: "I'll give you four bucks for it!"
Bart Simpson responded: "No electricity. Electricity only in freeze tag."
"Nutin'. Nutin'." Moe Szyslak said.
"Oh, Dad. How I'll miss your cap, your walking stick, your plaster base...", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Aw."
"Actual Sword Attack!", Bart Simpson replied.
"What videogame is this like?" Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "Well, America's not perfect--"
"Well, a bit overly familiar, but I'll allow it. I took in a movie. An appalling little piece of filth. Its leading lady was a blonde harlot who spent half the film strolling around naked as a jaybird.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Homer Simpson said "There ya... Just second..."
"So long, suckers!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Hey! What's with this?", Homer Simpson answered.
"None.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Om Mani Padme Hung. Om Mani Padme Hung. Om Mani Padme Hung.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Dad... That's over ten thousand miles away.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"USA! USA!" Homer Simpson replied.
"The truth is this fish is a miracle of nature with a taste that can't be beat. Mmmm mmmm. So, to summarize: Say what you want about me. I can take the slings and arrows. But stop slandering poor, defenseless Blinky. Good night and God bless." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"I want you to stop flirting with women." Marge Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Who moved my desk?!"
Homer Simpson answered: "That's it, mister. I am disgruntled. And up until now, I was relatively gruntled!"
"Now look guys, we are here for one important reason: to get free swag." Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Excellent."
"Good as new.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "Hey Dad, can we play?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Homer -- bored!"
Homer Simpson replied "There, problem solved."
"Three.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Losers."
Ned Flanders replied "Well, what seems to be the problem, officer?"
"Well, Lisa, it's Daddy-Daughter day and Daddy needs daughter's picks.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Ages eight to eighty.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Oh, fine. I can amuse myself.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"I would, but Marge would kill me... I mean ohh, right.", Homer Simpson answered.
"He's getting away!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "Gil, remember me?"
"After the supermarket, we'll go to the video store, grab a Krusty Burger and head for the arcade." Bart Simpson responded.
"Homer! Homer! Put a record on!", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "I decorated her car for nothing."
"Hey, where is everybody?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Huh, they both make a good case.", Homer Simpson said.
"Who are you?" Homer Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders answered "So, unless you have anything else for me..."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Because if you feel you have to put what you are on your shirt, then I feel sorry for you. Do you feel sorry for me? Guess not."
"Man, buffalo are easy to kill.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "English! Who needs that? I'm never going to England. Come on, let's go smoke."
Marge Simpson replied "Homer?"
"Is it too late to say that?", Seymour Skinner answered.
Homer Simpson said "Okay, so we can't pay for your precious food. What are you gonna do about it?"
"Oh yeah? I'll prove it." Bart Simpson replied.
"Oh, am I in the way?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Wait. Let me get this straight. Sit and eat? That's my punishment?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Marge?!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "But how do I get it?"
"Well, I got excited for nothing." Ned Flanders replied.
"I can't conceive of any.", Homer Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders answered "Dear Neighbor..."
"How can I eat it? She made it. It's all I have left." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "No... no..."
"You're missing the Itchy and Scratchy Show! Don't you like it anymore?", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "So, New Springfield's lookin' pretty good now, isn't it? With our ample parking and daily Who concerts."
Homer Simpson responded "Why you slimy little...!?"
"Really? Okay, eat your lunch.", Marge Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak answered "You are clearly too smart to be down here with these dingle-bells. I'm promotin' you to Toy Inspector. The rest of youse are laid off. Scram."
Bart Simpson said: "Elizabeth Taylor... Bette Midler..."
Bart Simpson responded "Next."
"Holy moly! The bastard's rich!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Well, some of my report... um... wasn't thoroughly fact-checked.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Jasper. Gladys. Beatrice. Lookin' good, Hattie. Asa. Hazel. Hazel! Hazel!"
Homer Simpson replied "Are you kidding? Take a look at my DVD."
Homer Simpson replied: "Are you kidding? It's a wondrous, marvelous thing. Marge, I need you more than anyone else on this entire planet could possibly ever need you. I need you to take care of me, to put up with me, and most of all, I need you to love me, because I love you."
Homer Simpson answered "What about the chocolate?"
"If you eat too much you'll have nightmares." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Begat. Uh, do you have any books on the Rapture?"
Marge Simpson answered "Please, Bart, no more pranks. It would mean so much to me if we could have just one nice family photo."
"A little warm and moist.", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Ow! Someone just punched me in the face!"
"Hey, Krusty should run for Congress. He could help us with the airplanes!", Bart Simpson said.
"The system works. Just ask Claus Von Bulow." Bart Simpson replied.
"It's Lisa Kudrow." Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Shhh! I'm listening to financing terms for double-glazed windows."
"TEST ONE-TEST TWO-TEST THREE-TEST FOUR YOU TEST ME LIKE THE WATER IN EL SALVADOR..." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "Oh, my Goodness!"
Marge Simpson: "No, it's a Sacagawea dollar. You can trade it in at the bank for a real dollar! Eh?"
"Maybe he just said that to make conversation." Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered "He's not my little baby anymore. Maybe I mother him too much."
Bart Simpson: "Ooh, algebra... I'll just do a few equations. No! No more distractions!"
Seymour Skinner responded "How about you, Bart? Let me guess, you forgot to bring something."
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh, you mean the Enron ride. Let's go."
C. Montgomery Burns answered "All of you, out of my office!"
"Poor Maggie. How many insanity hearings have you been to in your short little life?", Lisa Simpson said.
"Let's make sure he's a leprechaun. Sing us a song of the Emerald Isle." Homer Simpson answered.
"I've got it! What are you doing? Give me that phone.", Seymour Skinner answered.
Marge Simpson said: "Homie, what are you thinking?"
Bart Simpson responded "The bad dog."
"Ball two. This Bozo's gonna walk me.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Nonsense, young Woosterfield! Your fortune is greater than mine. It is-it is I who am at your service. Smithers! Fetch us some lemonade!", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"So? I can stop. And I will stop. I'm on a hunger strike, starting right... now!" Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "No, Homer, you got it just right."
Lisa Simpson replied: "What you heard was your conscience telling you to stop eating meat."
"I don't know if you watch us all the time, or if we're just like an ant farm you got for your birthday and left on the shelf, and every once in a while you check out what kind of crazy tunnels we've built.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Shrink ray? Oh, there's always something else to buy."
"They're ten feet away and we can't even talk to them. I wish I could tell them how much I miss them." Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "I got it. The Springfield Mystery Spot."
Marge Simpson responded: "I can't take drugs -- I have so many anti-drug bumper stickers. I'd be making a liar out of my tailgate."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Does the whole town have to hear about this?"
"No problem. We simply unleash wave after wave of Chinese Needle Snakes. They'll wipe out the lizards." Seymour Skinner responded.
Marge Simpson replied "We'll call that nice girl who's getting her Masters in Child Development."
Homer Simpson answered "Okay! Wait a minute. Why did it take you so long to say yes?"
"Marge, that dinner was a winner! What's for dessert?", Ned Flanders said.
Lisa Simpson answered "His life was an unbridled success until he found out he was a Simpson."
Moe Szyslak said: "YOU CAN DO IT OTTO / YOU CAN DO IT..."
"Wait. I'm remembering something..." Marge Simpson answered.
"Let's give the Olympics a miracle!" Marge Simpson responded.
"Homer! I woke up to find an owl eating a mouse on the pillow next to me.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Listen, Tabouli, we're ignoring all of your demands. What do you say to that?"
"Superintendent, we made the front page today!", Seymour Skinner said.
"Waaa! Uhh! There's gum in my hair!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "That baby-proofing crook wanted to sell us safety covers for the electrical outlets."
"Somebody's gotta stop them!", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Shut up."
"I don't know.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"There were monsters on that ship. And truly we were them.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "So Grampa, you really saved Dad's life?"
"Homie, you know I'm usually good for a triple-X throw down, but between those kids and going to Uncle Tyrone's, we can't be alone.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Hey, as long as we're thinking about her, Grandma's still alive." Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Nice try, pop."
Ned Flanders replied: "Well, maybe your kids didn't."
C. Montgomery Burns replied "You're thinking about that ice cream truck, aren't you? Well, you can just forget about..."
Lisa Simpson said "Write a cartoon ourselves? Bart, are you thinking what I'm thinking?"
"And Lisa, what have you learned?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Yes, very." Marge Simpson replied.
"You take it!", Bart Simpson answered.
"Woo hoo! Good things do happen to bad people!" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "Meh, it's not worth it."
Lisa Simpson: "Yay!"
"They all look so tasty. But I think I'll eat this one right there." Homer Simpson responded.
"Some rainbow -- there's no violet." Bart Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns said "I'm too nice!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Read to Lisa? Why don't you just ask me to kiss her?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Uh, I'd like to offer you something... but all I've got is coffee... with cream!"
Lisa Simpson responded "In fact, the intern thing could open up a whole new world of free labor for you! Did you know the Discovery Channel doesn't have a single paid employee?"
"Oh, uh, Barney..." Moe Szyslak answered.
Lisa Simpson said: "Isn't that just pointless busywork?"
C. Montgomery Burns said "Smithers! Tear me a new drape hole!"
Ned Flanders responded "Ah, ha, excuse me, neighbor..."
"There's only one fair solution: we have to put it to a vote." Marge Simpson responded.
"Fine. Since the color of my eyes isn't important to you then you don't get to see them until you remember!" Marge Simpson responded.
"Liberal whacko, eh? Any young beaux?" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Uh, I'll field that one. Lyme disease is spread by small parasites, called ticks. When a diseased tick attaches itself to you and begins sucking your blood," Seymour Skinner replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "...HIND THE 'FRIDGERATOR..."
Seymour Skinner answered: "My Kia!"
Homer Simpson responded "I filled the balls with a funnel."
Homer Simpson: "Ah, for some reason, Moe's is always closed on Wednesdays."
Lisa Simpson said: "Uh, actually, the... We were never baptized."
Ned Flanders answered: "Gosh darn it! Am I that pre-diddley-dictable? I've wasted my whole dang diddley life."
"Hey, that's my shovel." Homer Simpson answered.
"I'm a nuclear--", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Hey, I've been driving drunk since I was twelve! But first...who's gonna help me pee?"
"I guess I'll be getting some extra credit for this." Lisa Simpson said.
"So, you use a lot of solar energy?", Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded "Just dance."
"Oh boy oh boy.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Man, I can't wait to smash that chair."
Homer Simpson replied: "Marge, giving me credit was your idea. Now could you rub my butt? I sat on it so much it's a little sore."
"Or my wife!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Wheeeee!", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "He exercises so much, but he looks the same. I guess the weight will all come off at once some day in the future."
"I've never heard of these bands, Mom. What kind of music do they play?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "Knock-out drops?"
"What are you doing?!", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "Hey, we just took care of that dangerous melon that was threatening our garden."
"Nelson, do you ever wish you weren't a bully?" Bart Simpson responded.
"But...", Marge Simpson said.
"Well, ain't that somethin'.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Squeeze here. Rotate there. Pause for sweet talk. Oh glasses, you're so wonderful."
"Look, you know they're gonna separate again. So why don't we just speed up the process?", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "How is it my fault?"
Lisa Simpson: "My Dad's not here? I need a ride to school."
"Oh, Edna, my sweet buttercup, you read my mind. Just, uh, give me twenty minutes, or so, to finish these tardy slips." Seymour Skinner replied.
"What'd he say? What about my car?", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Here you are, my good man. And while you're at it, throw in one of those polio shots."
"You watch me. I'll grow something out there.", Homer Simpson answered.
"You're nuts. I gotta get some fresh air." Homer Simpson responded.
"I won't have my children sitting alone on a cold, dangerous street all night. Homer, you go, too." Marge Simpson responded.
"Step right up and see the world's greatest mobile collection of Alec-and-Ron-and-Kim-arabilia.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, you're right."
"You know nothing about my son and even less about apples." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Marge, you're right. We do have to have a party."
"Whew!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "No, Lisa, I swear to you. I'm one-hundred percent completely serious. You've got to turn around right now before it's too late."
Homer Simpson said: "I'M A LITTLE TEAPOT / SHORT AND STOUT / HERE IS MY HANDLE / HERE IS MY SPOUT."
"How did you do that?", Lisa Simpson responded.
"You were right, Dad. I should have quit while I was ahead, instead of learning the horrible truth about our family and Virgil.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Well, I hate to get all pruney, but heated tubbery is what we playboys do!", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Bart Simpson: "Dad, there were things in the letter that had to be said. And I know you. You're an emotional guy. Just because you were mad last night, is no guarantee you'd be mad in the morning. So I..."
Homer Simpson replied "Yo. Where's my body?"
"Ahh. We elected the wrong Carter." Homer Simpson responded.
"Cool." Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "Hmm, that's probably never gonna happen."
"We'd better call the police.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Uh, why, no. Uh... Everything is just..."
Homer Simpson responded "How can I ever thank you?"
Homer Simpson answered "Apu, I see you're not in church."
"Ah, nothing." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "It's the bread of astronauts."
"I'm sorry, Bart. But sometimes your mom knows best." Marge Simpson responded.
"Moving my body." Homer Simpson answered.
"Wicked. I got this cool scar and I get to miss a week of school." Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Sorry if I betrayed your trust, Principal Sucker."
Marge Simpson said "You said you were at a parenting class!"
"Let's see where he's going with this..." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Don't worry, I'll go see what's wrong!"
"Why do we have to go to the rec center? I wanna play with my friends!" Bart Simpson responded.
"Kids, look what I got you for your third grade field trip -- matching fanny packs!", Marge Simpson replied.
"We've all read it.", Seymour Skinner answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "IF YOU TRY TO RUN / YOU'LL GET A HEART ATTACK..."
"I'm saying... She's been your wife for ten years, you've had three children together, it's time to be honest with her. I'm not sure I love you anymore.", Homer Simpson said.
"What has she done?! I feel like I'm married to Richard Gere!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Ah, I think I'm okay. It was scary, but, in a weird way, it was also kind of exhilarating.", Marge Simpson answered.
"She's like a Milk Dud, Lis. Sweet on the outside, poison on the inside." Bart Simpson replied.
"All right. Sideshow Bob seemed so desperate to get that fireplace. But why? Then it hit me -- the gas." Bart Simpson replied.
"Uh, I'm afraid you're wasting your time on this stage..." Moe Szyslak said.
Bart Simpson answered "How 'bout Methodist?"
Ned Flanders said: "Oh-ho-ho. No problem, Marge. Oh."
"I won't let you give up now, when you've worked so hard to be the greatest pal in the world. I love you. Let's not lose touch after graduation." Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "Cool, a toy store!"
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Smithers, this plague doesn't scare me. I've constructed a germ-free chamber for myself. Not a single microbe can get in or out."
"Come on, come on, open up!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Dad, start diggin' some nerd holes." Bart Simpson answered.
"Yeah, I saw him playing in the water, and then he was gone. He had a bright red leash, with bells on it.", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "Oh, it would have to be Camera Day."
"Well, I... I knew there would be sacrifices.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Lisa Simpson responded "Uh, excuse me, I have the chocolate milk."
Homer Simpson replied: "That's a great idea. Do you think I could run a mile in three and a half minutes?"
Homer Simpson replied "That's right."
"Well, if this guy's ridin' your rump, why don't you slap him some payback?" Moe Szyslak answered.
Marge Simpson replied "Ohh, you don't sound so good. We'd better get you some cold medicine."
Homer Simpson said "Any time I want."
"Where are we gonna live?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "Hey, that's my badge, Homer."
"It wasn't a fair fight! Your church suckered him in with gory stories, just like we were suckered into getting Cinemax." Marge Simpson said.
"No tents, no barrels, no kiddy pools. Thank you, fashion police." Homer Simpson said.
"Ooh, it's goin' on eight-thirty. I'd better call Maude and tell her where I am.", Ned Flanders said.
"Double ew!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Get in, Dad. I'll explain on the way home."
Lisa Simpson answered "Just like Oscar the Grouch."
Bart Simpson responded: "Don't worry, they're clip-ons."
Bart Simpson answered: "Hmmm."
Homer Simpson responded "... And after Moe's, we went to Krustyburger and the mayor got some more change, and I ordered a double double, but they gave me the double double double double. And then Apu gave the Mayor lots of change for..."
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh, you have nothing to worry about, honey."
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Yes, although these days I can make neither haste nor waste. You know, Simpson -- this has truly been a lovely afternoon."
Bart Simpson: "Oh, please! This is senseless destruction, with none of my usual social commentary."
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Installing an M.H.D. Generator would allow the plant to operate at a higher temperature without the tyranny of moving parts. Using conducting plasma as the moving conductor..."
Homer Simpson said "I'm sorry, I didn't get the number of hours or good deeds."
Marge Simpson: "Well, I always enjoy the glass blower at Old Springfield Towne."
Marge Simpson replied: "Aww..."
"I can't believe I'm hearing this. I don't want to cut my family out of my life." Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "I'm also pleased!"
Ned Flanders replied: "Hey there, neighbor. You look as puffed up as a peacock in a..."
Homer Simpson replied: "Hello? Is this G-B-M? Uh, yeah. I read in the personals you were seeking a soul mate and, well, I also like rainy days and movies. Uh huh... uh, no, I don't like that. Or that. No, it's not that I'm afraid. I'm gonna hang up now. Bye-bye. Oh, I give up."
"Computer... kill Flanders.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "That's crazy! Bart's not a shoplifter! He's just a little boy!"
Marge Simpson answered: "Not even Homer?"
"Later, losers.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, cruel fate. Why do you mock me?" Homer Simpson said.
"Ugh, my dog ate it." Bart Simpson replied.
"What a nice note!", Marge Simpson answered.
"And there's no hard feelings?" Bart Simpson replied.
"Woo hoo! Liberals! Woo hoo! Liberals! Woo hoo! Liberals! Woo hoo! Liberals!", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "Bart!"
"Rub a dub dub, I'm washin' the blub.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "Whoa..."
Marge Simpson: "Homer, you didn't tell me Mr. Burns went broke and lost the nuclear power plant."
Homer Simpson replied: "Lenny! Bring me a beer and your deepest chamber pot! Chop-chop!"
"Just a second!", Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson: "I won the science fair! I get to go to Chicago!"
"Whoa!" Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Noooo!"
"But, Mom, next week is volume four: Copernicus through Elephantiasis.", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "After this prank, everyone's gonna hate those Cavalry Clods as much as we do."
"Shhhh, Lisa. The dog is barking.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "All right. But while I'm gone, boy, you think about what you did."
"Not now, Bart. I'm about to speak to a hundred million people. This speech could make or break my presidency.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Yes."
"It's about time." Moe Szyslak said.
"Tell us in song!" Moe Szyslak said.
"Ooh. Rancid meat attack. Stupid parasites. Is there no way I can find justice?", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "Nothing."
Seymour Skinner replied "Oh, that place must be falling apart. Oh, mercy. Nobody's mentioned me, have they?"
Bart Simpson said: "The what?"
Lisa Simpson answered "Uh, Mom? We've got a code four."
"Oh, no. Better ride this one out in the closet.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Curse those handsome devils." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Especially me."
"You're probably right. Let's just go back...", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "This is the first book I've ever finished reading or pushing things into."
Homer Simpson responded: "Heads up!"
"I don't understand thee, Marge." Homer Simpson replied.
"Principal Skinner?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Stop peppering me with questions!"
"I'm trying to set you up for laughs.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Do you really understand what that means?"
Homer Simpson said: "Touch that mini bar and you're dead!"
Bart Simpson: "Well I've got a Valentine's Day story! It's about musicians from a simpler time. The era of The Brady Bunch, Donny and Marie, and..."
"I couldn't help it. Those pews are so comfortable.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "If those kids can forgive that train wreck of a father, then maybe I can forgive..."
"Hey, uh... hm... why don't we take the longer but nicer historic route? Then today will be nothing but beautiful memories." Homer Simpson said.
"Oh my God, Homer's gone!" Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "Oh, thank you. Are you okay?"
Homer Simpson: "Where is he going?"
Homer Simpson responded "What are you doing here?"
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Oh, yes, of course. Your spirited hornpipe stole the show, as I recall. Now Doctor, what shall we do about our free wheeling fop over here?"
Seymour Skinner answered "No! That was a once-in-a-lifetime A.P.R.!"
Marge Simpson said "Bart! Get those oranges out of there."
"What if Santa's Little Helper stops being a police dog? Then he can get a non-violent job, like barking songs on novelty Christmas records. You can do it, boy!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Bart, pass the ketchup. Bart, pass the ketchup!", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "Bart's coming down!"
"Really? That's not what Reverend Lovejoy's been tellin' me. Wow, you're good. Thanks!", Moe Szyslak answered.
"I said break a leg!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Monsters! Monsters! Monsters!"
"I bet this looks cool from overhead though.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh yeah? We'll show 'em. Come on, kids, pretend we've got new cross-country skis."
"Aw, dad." Bart Simpson said.
"I was thinking that while your father and Lisa watch the game, it might be fun if the two of us went clothes shopping.", Marge Simpson answered.
"I'm telling you, Flanders' store was dee-serted. So what do you think of your bestest buddy now, Marge?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Stupid best friend Flanders." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Well then, Mom, this was for you."
Marge Simpson replied "Once again, I'm outraged by this last-minute switch."
Homer Simpson said: "I paid your bail, honey. You're free to go."
"Shopping. Every time this town riots, the malls are deserted. You stay here." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Uh, okay, it's excellent. But aren't you tired of waking up early and dragging the garbage to the curb?"
Homer Simpson responded "Boy, everybody loves my show."
"So, wait a minute. This means I'm gonna be a failure?", Bart Simpson replied.
"Oh, no. The Springfield Mall.", Ned Flanders replied.
"What was that noise?", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "Well, if you're not Krusty, how come you have the exact same signature as him?"
Marge Simpson answered: "Well, I think it's wonderful that your father has fallen in love with my mother."
"It's too late." Homer Simpson responded.
"The refrigerator could have my magnets on it.", Seymour Skinner replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "Bart, where are you gonna live?"
"Barney!", Homer Simpson responded.
"That ain't rough. More like a gentle breeze.", Bart Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Does anyone have change for a button?"
Moe Szyslak answered "Well, how could I say no to such a captivating..."
"I couldn't sleep knowing that window had a smudge on it.", Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded "Ah, excuse me? Isn't there anything here that doesn't have meat in it?"
Marge Simpson responded "Oh my God. We're out on the street!"
Marge Simpson: "I'm worried about the kids, Homie. Lisa's becoming very obsessive. This morning I caught her trying to dissect her own rain coat."
"Oh good, she's here in time to see us die!" Homer Simpson answered.
"You showed up before the students! That's all we asked!" Seymour Skinner said.
"should I whack slow or fast?" Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "Yeah. With lots of firepower!"
Homer Simpson: "Oh, a little bit of everything."
Marge Simpson responded: "I don't think that will be a problem."
"But, I learned my lesson. It'll never happen again.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Your hair smells nice!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Fine." Marge Simpson answered.
"S'okay... she's my wife." Ned Flanders replied.
Homer Simpson said "Will you kids shut up?"
"Stupid Flandish. Uh, listen, since all the other fun stuff is out of bounds, how 'bout a little Bible-thumping in the crow's nest? What do you say, Miss..." Homer Simpson said.
"No!" Seymour Skinner said.
Marge Simpson answered "I don't care what they say. I won't feel safe in this town until we have better police."
"Well, promises mean more to me.", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "You know it, Glamorous. Eye gouge, ear bite, folding chair, hair pull, face-fart, flying face-fart, and then I start fighting dirty."
"And mine was snakes and yours was...", Homer Simpson said.
"Grampa, I need some advice. Did you ever have a crush on an older woman?", Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Bart, these look real."
"Fine. Then you unscramble those letters to spell out the location of the gem... while you two dig your own graves.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Every day I thought about firing Marge. You know, just to shake things up.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Egad, man, how are we supposed to pass the time?" C. Montgomery Burns said.
"You did that on purpose! You lick this table clean!" Homer Simpson said.
"Marge and I played that old game before we were married." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Relax, he's gorging."
"Whoa, whoa, whoa..." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "You're dead, squealer."
Homer Simpson: "Well, why can't I hang out at the bar all day? My wife doesn't wanna be with me."
"Oh, that is it! Abraham J. Simpson, you are never driving again!", Homer Simpson said.
"Really?" Bart Simpson responded.
"That's a myth that got mixed up with the truth.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"So, uh, your boy's got magic knock-up powers, huh?", Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Amen."
Marge Simpson replied: "Bart's so well-behaved now... maybe you and I could have a night out!"
"Now to save these sorry souls from a life of anarchy, starvation, and having sex for procreation." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded "Well, Ralph seems happy enough... Maybe I should just give up now and settle into a mindless, happy stupor..."
Bart Simpson answered: "You got my vote."
Lisa Simpson answered: "My jump rope broke, but I just tied it back together."
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Hm..."
C. Montgomery Burns said "Smithers Sr. gave his life to save the plant. And, since cover-ups were all the rage back then, I shoved his heroic corpse down the sewer pipe. I never told Smithers the truth about his father."
Homer Simpson replied "No penalty!"
"Point them away from your sisters when you hammer them." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "It's my duty, Marge. Besides, those mobsters don't scare me. Bart, would you go start Daddy's car?"
"Whoa, what the hell..." Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Well, okay, which one do you want?"
Homer Simpson: "Oh yeah? What can you old people do to us?"
"Okay. You have the right to remain sexy. Anything you touch can and will be held against you in a court of sex. If you cannot afford a sex-torney--" Homer Simpson responded.
"She's opening her eyes!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Just close your eyes and think of the cushion."
"Umm... Mom just baked a cake." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Everybody wanted a piece of us."
Lisa Simpson responded "Well, actually, I just wrote it for a school assignment. Everyone else wrote to the Back Street Boys."
"Are you prepared to take that chance?" Homer Simpson answered.
"As Little Miss Springfield, it's my pleasure to welcome you to America, the Land of Opportunity." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Ow! Ow! Ow! Boy, am I feeling this. Ow! Oh, my head's gonna be sore in the morning. Ow!" Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "Okay, stay frosty! All we need to do is find some sap to pretend to be the writer of our book. So hit the floor and find some pathetic wanna-be author!"
"Homer, I want you to come with me and the kids on a family vacation." Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "The sixth-grade security camera shows three empty desks!"
"I dunno if I want you in here no more, Homer, uh... I got a lotta secrets I'd prefer to keep clandestine. Terrible, disturbing secrets." Moe Szyslak answered.
"Right here?", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "Bring it on home now."
Homer Simpson: "If that's true, he's gonna be like NWA -- Not Without Ass-welts."
Lisa Simpson answered "Oh, poor Mark Hamill."
Homer Simpson responded: "Hey, the pocket wants what it wants."
Bart Simpson answered "Just some report I gotta do for school. Hey, you want some pie?"
"That's good.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Arrrgh!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Hurry! Hurry! Lower the bridge!"
"We don't get together to share our emotions. We get together to escape them." Homer Simpson answered.
"It's green, moron. Earth to stupid guy, hullo? Maybe a little friendly punching will move your ass." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "How much do you tip a leg waxer? I need to know by tomorrow!"
Marge Simpson answered "Does anyone else want anything while I'm up?"
"That's just the product I've been coveting! Pick us! Pick us!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Hey, I earn that money -- while you lounge around here, doing laundry and putting up drywall, I'm at work busting my hump."
Homer Simpson responded "Unghhhh!"
Ned Flanders responded "I'm sorry, it really was one of those spur-of-the-moment-type things."
Homer Simpson said: "I stowed it safely in the overhead compartment."
"I guess your computer was right." Bart Simpson answered.
"Um, there's a hair in my soup. But I'll just eat around it.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Ki-Ya!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "The mail! The mail is here!"
"Uh, excuse me, Reverend, but I'm here to talk about something a little more important: hope." Homer Simpson said.
"I've lost everything I loved." Bart Simpson answered.
"The awesome power of the human mind." Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "Hi, Dad. I think stealing cable is wrong. So I'm choosing not to watch it in the hope that others will follow my example. It's the last you'll hear from me on the matter. Thank you for your time."
Lisa Simpson responded "Security!"
"Homer, they're trying to shut us down.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Did I make it?" Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Okay, go straight..."
Lisa Simpson said: "Well, it looks like everything worked out just fine for everybody."
"Oh. Sorry. So have you two thought about kids?", Marge Simpson answered.
"I remind you of you?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Ahhh, the new Packard we've been hearing so much about.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "I know you are, but what am I?"
"Otto, why don't you get some more gas. Here's the 'credit card.'" Seymour Skinner answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "The Hangman's here!"
"Now, you're gonna do chores for that lady until you work off the damage you did. It's called responsibility.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Boilerplate, boilerplate, boilerplate... we can skip all this litter box stuff... if pet becomes internet superstar, all rights revert to father... Sign here, here, initial here, one more over here, and... done.", Homer Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders: "Knock that off, you two. It's time for church!"
Bart Simpson replied "Mom, it's me. Don't cry, I'm okay."
"Seymour." Seymour Skinner replied.
"That's why he had to go away forever." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "You mean?"
"And now, our evening comes to an end...", Seymour Skinner said.
"That'd be great." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "Yes, a mole. Now I don't have much time, so I'm just gonna come right out and say his name, so get ready to know his name. His name is the following: M--"
Marge Simpson responded: "Homer, this is terrible!"
"Now remember Bart. This is a religious school. So be very careful about what you say and do here.", Marge Simpson answered.
"All right, tap jockey, you owe Fat Tony fifty bucks. Cough it up!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Can do." Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Objection! Prejudicial!"
"Get away, dammit! Run for your lives!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Shut up." Bart Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner responded "Don't look, Buttermilk."
"Well, I want you to go over to their house and apologize!" Marge Simpson replied.
"I'll miss Sheriff Lobo..." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded "I suppose it could be almost anybody..."
"'Scuse me, Brother Faith. I gotta know, how did you really get the bucket off my Dad's head?", Bart Simpson answered.
"Hey, guys! Whatcha doing in my dream?" Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "Wait! Wait! Wait! Who the hell are you?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Doesn't matter. They have free health care."
"Right. Teasing." Homer Simpson responded.
"Look at me, I'm Otto! I'm a hundred years old and I drive a school bus!", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Your funeral, Seymour."
Bart Simpson said "Luckily, she doesn't know that our viewing platforms are... multi."
"Or the Christ Punchers.", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Well, am I?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Wait a minute... because I brought the check, they named a wing after me? Oh, you must be mad."
"You know you can't lift your lifting belt without wearing your belt-lifting-belt!", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "Yo, Homer! Mom says get your fat ass over to the Flanders'!"
Bart Simpson replied "Hey Homer, this luggage is crushing me."
Homer Simpson answered "Give me full power."
"Oh, Apu! It's beautiful!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"What percentage of prayers really come true?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"The unicorns are you and me, Dad. I drew it myself.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"I rubbed it on Milhouse." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Here you go."
C. Montgomery Burns said "There isn't a prison made that can hold me! Prisons are still made of mud and wattles, right?"
"It's so exciting! It's like living in a dictionary.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Tie good. You like shirt?"
Homer Simpson said "These aren't reptile eggs! You've been cheating! No matter where Mr. Burns hits the ball, you put a fresh one on the green!"
"They found a switchblade in my locker." Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Dad, I like picking beans with grandma."
"That's nice, dear!", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Son, if I was interested in fun, I would've run away the day you were born."
"Much better.", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "We've got school tomorrow."
Homer Simpson replied "No, I shouldn't."
"Oh-ho, we are so there." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "I punched Mr. Burns right in his 104 year-old face."
"Can I have any of the steaks?", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Mom!"
"I don't care what I said. This family has had its differences, and we've squabbled, but we never had knife fights before... and I blame this house." Marge Simpson answered.
"It's no use. We're perfectly matched.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Must finish Poet's Corner... or Bart will work for Noah... with his hot mom...", Homer Simpson said.
"Couldn't help overhearing, Simpson. I've got some ice-cold suds in the rumpus room, if you'd like to join me." Ned Flanders responded.
Homer Simpson: "That's ridiculous! No woman would want to have sex with that loser! And, uh, congratulations on snagging him back. Good stuff."
"Shan't." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"More snip, less lip.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, It's ringing!"
"Asterisk-pound sign-at sign-exclamation point!" Ned Flanders replied.
Marge Simpson: "Gotta find a place to tinkle."
Marge Simpson said: "He's trying to be friendly. You know, if you gave Ned Flanders a chance --"
"I overslept, lost my cell phone, missed my flight.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Bart!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Nope. Never under a dollar." Seymour Skinner replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Well, are you gonna help me or what?"
Homer Simpson responded "He looks tough."
"Mom, after that lame party you threw, I'd rather hang out with thunder-thighs here.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Yeah, well, Merry Christmas."
"Yeah, sure, we know him. That's Mr. Burns.", Bart Simpson said.
"I'm afraid that was just my pre-evil.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Mmmm. Great lunches, eh, Lis?"
Moe Szyslak said: "Yes, Homer, I'm an angel. All us angels wear Farah slacks."
Lisa Simpson replied "And some of the angles are loooooow. But don't worry, collective bargaining will enable us to secure concessions."
"If I ever needed proof of the existence of God, here it is." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Ernest Cuts The Cheese!" Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "Ooh. Are you Mr. Clean?"
"That's it. Nobody messes with my little girl. I'm gonna find those dolls.", Homer Simpson responded.
"I-M-O--,i-m-o--,1" Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "Lisa, I know a song that will cheer you up. THERE ONCE WAS AN UGLY DUCKLING..."
Homer Simpson responded "Relax, boy, we're not gonna cook you. Enjoy your day at the beach! Ooh, look."
Lisa Simpson responded "Oh Hugh, thank you. You've been just wonderful through this entire ordeal."
"Well I'm afraid the law is clear and Dad did renounce all claim to ownership." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Now to do something I've never done before -- help out an old man."
"I thought there was chocolate inside." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "Homer, I don't need fancy things. And even if I did, this is the wrong way to get them."
Homer Simpson answered: "Woo hoo! Thank God it's T.G.I.F!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, it's hopeless! This room is like a museum of meaningless old crap. By which I mean every museum."
Homer Simpson replied "My groove!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Well, when is he gonna act like it?"
"At first my wife didn't believe in me. Maybe we forgot why we fell in love in the first place." Homer Simpson replied.
"See that? Krusty wore big floppy shoes but he's got little feet, like all good-hearted people.", Bart Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner responded: "Mr. and Mrs. Simpson, this our district psychiatrist, Dr. J. Loren Pryor."
"Now, if I fart, that's 'cause I'm so relaxed." Homer Simpson replied.
"You know, you could have just called me." Homer Simpson answered.
"A crazy dog's trying to kill me!" Bart Simpson replied.
"Excellent, now don't mind the squeegee.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "Oh no. No no. No. I'm just... surprised."
Marge Simpson replied: "I'm still all those things. Only now I'm cleaning up the city, sewing together the social fabric, and unplugging the clogs of our legal system."
Lisa Simpson replied "All right, that's enough!"
"I'm afraid Lisa's right, son. If the late, great Nora Ephron taught us anything... Oh! What's my other inflatable doll doing here?" Moe Szyslak answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "YEAH!"
Homer Simpson said: "Oh fantastic. Marge, you're never gonna believe what happened. I was down at the Kwik-E-Mart minding my own business when... Oooh oooh, ooh, the news."
"Telemarketing, eh?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Say it!" Homer Simpson answered.
"So, how 'bout a little stakeout music?" Homer Simpson answered.
"...so I'm offering to trade your country nuclear secrets for a mini-bike. Concludingly yours, Bart Simpson." Bart Simpson said.
"I don't know." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Good morning."
"What's that, baby?" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Stupid charities, they think I'm gonna give them money? Save the Children? Save your breath. Take a hike, Sierra Club! Doctors Without Borders? Doctors without money! Hey, Greenpeace, you're not getting' a piece of my green! Robert Redford? Guess what -- a scissor runs through it."
"These be mini-pizzas made from dragon eggs, your majesties." Marge Simpson answered.
"Bart, what are you doing?", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Sorry? Pal? Hey, that's common courtesy. The kind I've only seen in movies! This suit is amazing.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"Uh... I'll Etch-A-Sketch it for you.", Bart Simpson said.
"We've got to do something, but what?", Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Isn't that the voice that caused all those suicides?"
"Aloha / Aloha Until we meet a-", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "But they told us to wear 'em."
Seymour Skinner said "Ahh. Washbasin fresh. That funk must be coming from one of the classrooms."
"Maggie!", Marge Simpson responded.
"Sure, sure!", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "Lisa."
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Faster, Simpson! Those jack-booted G-men won't be far behind."
Homer Simpson replied "Well, then you'd better turn up your hearing aid, Pops."
"Right, right, too soon. Do you have my money?" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "That swarm of nerds is gonna kill him!"
"Pardon me, good sir.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Homer, that's too much sugar!" Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "What is it, Da --"
Homer Simpson answered "Bart, can I ask you an important question?"
"Snow?! Snow!!!", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Nothing a few George Washingtons won't solve."
"Restraining order?! Bull spit! No piece of paper keeps me from whaling on my sister.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Uh... I guess I'll take that one."
"Ayyy.", Homer Simpson said.
"Uh-oh.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Sorry, these are for display only... This has been recalled... Oo, Bart would like this... We're out of these..." Homer Simpson replied.
"Can you save our house?" Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "Don't worry. We'll be fine!"
"All right! Time for some underage gambling. So long, sucker!", Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Wow! The NRA. Can I be get armor piercing cyanide-tipped bullets, too?"
"Good Lord! What have those little hellions done now?" Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "Are we there yet?"
Homer Simpson: "I do, but I'm not going to it."
"Your moans of sympathy are all I have!" Homer Simpson responded.
"The rainforest?! That's that thing Lisa likes!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Hello.", Marge Simpson answered.
"I used to be the smart one.", Lisa Simpson said.
"I'd like a beer, please.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Uh... Marge?"
Bart Simpson replied: "You okay, Milhouse?"
"Well surely you've all noticed the terrible condition Main Street is in.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Forget it Bart -- it's so bright out, you can't see anything in the sky except the Fox satellite." Lisa Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner said: "Now I want to explain Miss Hoover's absence. She is suffering from severe depression."
Lisa Simpson: "The pungent vinegar and tangy Roquefort block the smell receptors, rendering the bully harmless."
Bart Simpson answered: "No. This Ignis thing is the biggest deal of his life. And I'm gonna wreck it. Because he scarred me forever!"
"Not interested.", Ned Flanders responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Because when Vance beat me in that election, he ruined my life."
"No.", Bart Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak: "Okay, ya lucky moron."
Lisa Simpson replied "Wait. All that was in the recipe?"
"I think it's under the short leg of the couch." Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "But He said it was forbidden."
Seymour Skinner said "Well, if this episode has taught us anything, it's that nothing works better than the status quo. Bart, you're promoted back to the fourth grade."
"Why don't you freeze it with an ice cube and hit it with a hammer? Works for me when I get bubbly-gum in the ol' push-broom." Ned Flanders replied.
Lisa Simpson said "Hey Mom, is this how you caught him?"
"They're coming down the aisles! What if they want to interact with me!?", Marge Simpson replied.
"Um..." Homer Simpson responded.
"Marge, you have a nice body. And if you'd like to see me in a costume, you have only to ask." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "Aunt Selma's leg!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Oopsie."
"I don't wanna die! I'm so young." Homer Simpson responded.
"Mm! Delicioso!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Hold on. We're just innocent tourists." Homer Simpson replied.
"But try tellin' that to Killy McGee up there.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "I'm sorry, Mr. Blackbeard, we're low on chairs and this is the last one."
"Work was hard, so we quit.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "... giver of life, mother of us all."
"Ooo, everything's changed! That tree used to be a smaller tree. And that food bank used to be a regular bank." Marge Simpson replied.
"Moe, have you ever felt unattractive?" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "So Dean Martin would show up at the last minute and do everything in just one take?"
Marge Simpson responded "No!"
"From now on when someone asks me, I'm gonna say you are my father.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "The Re-deadening? Is that any good?"
Bart Simpson said "It won't come off!"
"Yeah, go for it, Dad." Bart Simpson replied.
"Let's send him into one of his trademark fits!", Moe Szyslak replied.
Marge Simpson said: "Good night, Homer."
"I wish there was some way I could believe that.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Aw geez... okay, I'll take Milhouse." Bart Simpson answered.
"Hanging up the receiver, eh?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Yo. Who's this?" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Tickets, thirty dollars! Big game, everyone wants to see the game..."
C. Montgomery Burns replied "My dear tired old Smithers, do I detect a note of jealousy?"
"The National Weather Service says dawn is still scheduled for six-twenty tomorrow, and to please stop calling.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "Hope I do."
Bart Simpson responded "It's back to the basics. Classic Itchy and Scratchy!"
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "But finding only slack-jawed gawkers, I gave up and collapsed on the sundial."
"What?!", Homer Simpson said.
"...And these are from sardine cans your father opened. He saved them out of sentimental value.", Marge Simpson said.
"Thank you. And let me say I missed your sweet, sweet voices." Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Very well. L-I-T-T-L-E -M-I-S-S..."
Marge Simpson replied: "He forgot our anniversary again? He remembers the exact number of pork chops in the freezer."
"Oh, Bart. I am so glad everything's okay." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Five, four, three, two, one... COUNTDOWN!" Homer Simpson said.
"I think it's broken." Bart Simpson responded.
"Hey, there's someone else in here." Homer Simpson answered.
"A tea house?!" Marge Simpson replied.
"Oh my God, Homer! They're right next door!", Marge Simpson said.
"Where do you think you're going, Missy?", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "Yo. Bart Simpson. No doubt you read about me in your nuisance neighbor disclosure."
"Four hundred years before Kirk Gibson would hit his famous home run.", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "Why do you want Bart? He's not much of a singer."
"Ay carumba!", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Your parents made you?"
"But I can't leave the country! What about my wife and kids?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Lisa, have I ever shown you my Shattered Dreams Box?" Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "Homie, you should give your Dad a call. You can't stay mad at him forever."
"That will never happen!", Homer Simpson answered.
"I'm on it.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Of course not! Except that we're all moving to the Movementarian Agricultural Compound to be near the Leader and serve him." Homer Simpson said.
"Mom, why do I have to wear a flea collar?" Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said "See for yourself."
Homer Simpson replied "Much better."
"And a fight breaks out!" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Well I'm throwing you both out of the game!"
Homer Simpson answered "Where's Mag-gie? Where's Mag-gie? Hey, where is she?"
"Did that butter churn just move? 'Cause if it did..." Homer Simpson replied.
"Hey, take it easy on Skinner. He's just down 'cause after tomorrow, everything he does is wrong.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "That's what I've been saying. We're all fine the way we are."
Ned Flanders responded "Gee, I always like to help you, Homer, but I don't want to be an accessory to some sort of shady doin's. And it does raise a whole host of ethical questions, such as..."
Marge Simpson: "Homer, do something about this leak!"
"You've gotta improvise, Lisa. Cloves, Tom Collins Mix, frozen pie crust.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Dear God, what have I done?" Homer Simpson said.
"Me! Me! Me, me!", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "End of the line, boys."
"Okay.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Well, if my country needs me... Can we skinny-dip?"
"It's not sugar, it's caramel!" Homer Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak answered "Nobody comes into my bar and kidnaps two paying customers."
Homer Simpson answered "No problems here."
Homer Simpson replied: "God, we have fun."
"WHAT A CLASSY WAY TO GET DRUNK OFF YOUR ASSES", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Three." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Pish tosh, Smithers, and fiddle-dee-dee! Nailed it!"
"Oh Reverend, I've been workin' my bible to the bone tryin' to save that man." Ned Flanders replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "He thinks you're gay."
Homer Simpson replied: "Bart! This is America. Anyone can eat what they want as long as they eat too much."
"It's dessert, but it's hot dogs, so it's good for you!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Well, let's see. Ming vase on narrow column, not knocked down... priceless coins not used in vending machine..." C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Hoverbikes!!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "I want you to know, I respect your beliefs and I can see how deeply you feel about them."
Homer Simpson answered: "Aww, I will treasure this forever."
Homer Simpson: "I know. I want to pet him again!"
"Uh, there's something I should tell you." Marge Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak said "Who wants to abolish democracy forever? Show of hands."
"Do you realize what this means?", Bart Simpson said.
"Definitely a cup." Marge Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns: "Fine."
Homer Simpson replied: "So long, suckers!"
Bart Simpson responded: "Whoa!"
Homer Simpson: "All week, my life long dream was to be the next Thomas Edison, but now it's over. I guess I'll just give up my hopes and dreams and settle for being a decent husband and father."
"Painting supplies?!" Homer Simpson said.
"See. And my son, Bart -- he owns a factory downtown.", Homer Simpson said.
"Well, maybe if you go...", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded "You know it is."
Marge Simpson replied "Listen, sweetie... it was wrong of me to force my dreams on you."
"It would be a good excuse to use my Yaqui tea set..." Marge Simpson responded.
"That horse was instrumental in me becoming a man.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Goodnight, Homie."
Bart Simpson said "But I'm on a hot streak."
"Want some pretzels?", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Restage the photos?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Damn! Willie, break it down!", Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson answered "Beautiful."
"Sorry.", Homer Simpson said.
"Honey, please, just listen to what I have to say." Homer Simpson responded.
"May I join you?" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Ooh, a thermos! With seven cups of coffee still in it! Oh wait, six!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Over there."
"Homer! Homer!", Ned Flanders replied.
"Gee, a million bucks, that's gonna buy him a lot of, uh... Swings in the old battin' cage.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "You just answered your own question with that commode mouth. Besides, you kids need to learn morals and decency, and how to love your fellow man."
Bart Simpson responded "Leave me alone -- this expresses my rage at the machine."
Bart Simpson answered "D, E... Um... line?"
"What a wonderful dinner. What a beautiful family. Someone get a picture of me with my arm around this steak." Homer Simpson said.
"Bart!", Homer Simpson said.
"You say that so much it's lost all meaning." Homer Simpson responded.
"Milhouse, a little salt?", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Don't struggle. You'll only sink faster."
"'Bye.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "I've made my choice."
"What do you think, Thomas Pynchon?", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "Hm, something's not right. Does this bed feel lumpy to you?"
"Hey Lis, wanna try some satellite TV? We've got Japanese Friends.", Bart Simpson said.
Ned Flanders replied: "If I'd only been a gentleman and got the hot dogs myself, she'd still be here."
"We're not quite there yet, but we've opened up a dialogue!", Marge Simpson answered.
"Finally, a company that understands my needs.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Why do we have to stand here? This is so humiliatin'.", Moe Szyslak answered.
Seymour Skinner answered: "No, no, no. Next to it."
"Homie, maybe we should go inside." Marge Simpson answered.
"Got that right. / Durn tootin'. / Boy howdy." Lisa Simpson responded.
"I just lost my appetite.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Astrid said the key to my art is anger. But you know me, I'm Mister Mellow."
Bart Simpson answered: "Yes!"
Bart Simpson: "No!"
"Aw, that's my Krusty. I got a feeling he'll be allll-right.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Well, Moe's getting a big screen TV in February. Just in time for the Pro Bowl. Maybe this time my beloved blue shirts will win.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Woo hoo!"
Homer Simpson: "Lenny, this TV is amazing. If you're not careful, I might just spend the rest of my life on your couch."
Bart Simpson responded "If you love me so much, why don't you marry me? That's a good one."
Homer Simpson replied: "Well, I don't think so. You don't even have a trigger on that thing."
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh, Homie..."
Marge Simpson: "Homer! They must have made a mistake. We'll just go down to the phone company and straighten it out."
"You guys will be the hit of cousin Valerie's wedding reception!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Bart, I'm here for you but, I'm not gonna break into somebody's house."
"I don't think so.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson replied: "I see..."
"I had no idea." Homer Simpson said.
"Even better, I'll ask him for my job back.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "Did he say I'm not allowed in there?"
"For true, son.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Homer, did you eat my whole pan of brownies?"
Ned Flanders: "Ned Flanders..."
"Are we there yet, dad?" Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "No-no-no."
Marge Simpson: "What if you pretended that this couch were a bar? Then you could spend more nights at home with us. Huh?"
"Here, Otto, I made an extra one for you.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Oh man, there's a line."
"Wander away from the group? Man, you've been huffin' from the Bart bag.", Bart Simpson said.
"They're right. If the only way to save the whales is to kill another innocent creature, I can't let you do it." Lisa Simpson said.
"Mon Dieu! Weee!", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "Dear Bart..."
"Why the cemetery? I wondered. But my dreams were too strong." Homer Simpson responded.
"I'm glad we're the kind of people who are worried about Carl's safety instead of thinking that he ripped us off." Moe Szyslak replied.
"That's it, boy! I'm eating your yogurt!" Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded "Way to build equity!"
Homer Simpson: "Well, I think we lost 'em."
Bart Simpson replied "I knew you'd need some help keepin' it real, so I figured I could be, like, your co-President."
"B-3." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Oooh, ahh. Ha! Got him!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Thanks to you, Melody's mother is so upset, she's moving them out of town!" Seymour Skinner replied.
"Good night, son.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, Marge. What a pleasant surprise.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Uh, yes, yes. To the untrained eye I'm eating an orange. But to the eye that has brains, I am making a point about marriage. For you see, marriage is a lot like an orange.", Homer Simpson said.
"A British whaaa?" Moe Szyslak responded.
Bart Simpson said "Utah karate!"
"Ah, yeah. Just a minute, I'll check. Uh, Bee O'Problem. Bee O'Problem. C'mon, guys. Do I have an O'Problem here?", Moe Szyslak answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "Homie?"
"Huh? Wha?..." Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, my father gave me beer as a child. Till I wrapped my little red wagon around a tree." Homer Simpson answered.
"I have eight weeks paid vacation, and my family doesn't know.", Homer Simpson answered.
"I switched with her, Dad." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Dad, give me your phone. I need to look at the pictures again!", Lisa Simpson said.
"Uh-huh.", Bart Simpson responded.
"I'll just have a cup of coffee.", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "I was always cheering for you, Grampa. Till now."
"No, Homer. The truth would humiliate her." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Sure, they're on top of the world. Then there's a big riot scene. Then I don't know, I usually doze off."
Homer Simpson responded "One size fits all, my butt!"
"No more pictures! You're driving him mad!", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Bart Simpson said "I got this."
Homer Simpson answered "I don't think so."
Homer Simpson answered "Tonight, we're here to serve you. Sit back and enjoy the finest foods Springfield has to offer."
Lisa Simpson replied: "He said it was just a name."
Homer Simpson said: "You're right, Lenny. I..."
Homer Simpson said: "Fine. There are plenty of other ways for me to alter my consciousness."
"I'm just thinking of my employees -- all the card sharps, bottom dealers, and shills. Where will they go?", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Can I keep the name after I'm done?", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Aw, somebody wants more crusts. Here you go, boy!"
Seymour Skinner responded "Which means that it's not weather-resistant."
"Hey, kids, I made your favorite cookies -- Christmas trees for the girls, and bloody spear-heads for Bart." Marge Simpson responded.
"Lisa, all great artists love free food. Check out Jasper Johns." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "She started it... came at me with a pipe..."
"Well, do you have a number where we can reach him?", Marge Simpson responded.
"Actually this is one of the nine states where Mr. Bush claims residency, Dad. I wouldn't have voted for him, but it's nice to have a celebrity in the neighborhood." Lisa Simpson replied.
"My Dad used to tie me up when the ice cream truck went by. And now there's no amount of ice cream that'll make me feel full. So this should work!" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "That's the fire siren!"
"I'm going to be riding on a pack of cigarettes?" Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Is..."
Homer Simpson replied "Fat Tony?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Are you sure? Oh, rats. No offense, Sweetie."
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "No, no, no. A person, you know who I mean."
Lisa Simpson said: "Brother germs!"
Homer Simpson: "Big deal."
Bart Simpson replied: "I did not."
"The project! I forgot all about it!" Lisa Simpson said.
Ned Flanders responded "Where you going, Reverend? The town's that way. Reverend? You're goin' the wrong way!"
"Marge, we were just talking about it a few seconds ago." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Is that a good siren? Am I approved?"
"All the answers you need are in here. Happy anniversary!" Homer Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak replied "All I got is this old stuff here. Chateau Latour -- eighteen eighty-six? Oh, I should just throw this out."
"He isn't." Lisa Simpson replied.
"No, Lisa, but I sure don't want to eat this crappy breakfast.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Simpson gene? That's just foolishness." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Inanimate huh? I'll show him inanimate!"
"With perfect faith and perfect love.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Hey, I thought you never talked.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Moe, this was a great thing for you. You went from sitting on the sidelines to getting in the game. And sometime when you least expect it, you'll realize that someone loved you. And that means someone can love you again. And that'll make you smile."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Yes!"
"Freeze!" Marge Simpson responded.
"Those are all good points, but the problem is they don't result in me getting the game.", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "You're in the top hundred."
Homer Simpson answered "And Gummy Joe, where would you be without the dental plan?"
Homer Simpson responded "Thanks son. Now, you've got little hands. Can you reach under that mower and pull out that skate?"
"Not everybody." Homer Simpson said.
"I say Burns owes us a party. Let's have one, right now, with his wine!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Yes, quite so. As you can see, I'm holding a big number two in my hands, enjoying the weight and feel of it.", Seymour Skinner said.
"Do you think I'm telling people not to have a cow because, deep down, I want them to have a cow?" Bart Simpson replied.
"I'll take care of this." Homer Simpson answered.
"I'm thinking of something big. So big it involves taking over the entire school and not giving it up till Chalmers gets his job back!" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Wow. This place is completely alien but everything's in English. Just like Canada."
"He's gettin' away! You blew it, Marge!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Me! Me! I want him every night, and forever and ever! 'Cause I love my--", Homer Simpson said.
"But not the last." Homer Simpson answered.
"I wanna see Wilmington!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"When he got out, he married Aunt Selma and tried to murder her.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "All right. Comin' through. Outta my way. Move it along. Step aside, lady."
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Goodbye, Springfield. From hell's heart I stab at thee!"
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "After all these years, things are finally starting to go my way. I feel like celebrating. I..."
Lisa Simpson said "It is off."
"You throw like my sister, man!" Bart Simpson said.
"Fired... me?" Homer Simpson said.
"Butter face.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Relax, everyone knows that if you die in a dream, you just wake up!"
"Well, we'd better go eat that yogurt." Homer Simpson replied.
"Yes, love that sun, man!", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"All that's left is Bart.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Oh man, that church service was so boring. I did a whole book of Find-A-Words."
"Good-bye, Homer." Marge Simpson replied.
"Oh, Mindy, we have to fight our temptation.", Homer Simpson replied.
"And I learned that killing a nerd is not as fun as it sounds." Bart Simpson said.
"Sorry, little fella. One day I'll be that guy who comes to your wedding, makes you feel a little weird, and then runs away.", Homer Simpson responded.
"And there you have it, folks -- rates will rise a healthy seventeen percent. And now, to help you disperse...", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Y'know, I feel sorry for you, kid. Going back to that cold, loveless family."
Homer Simpson answered: "SEE? ALL THIS SINGING SCARED HIM AWAY / IF WE JUST TALKED LIKE NORMAL, HE'D PROBABLY STAY."
"Six miles and I'm all smiles!" Ned Flanders replied.
Lisa Simpson said "I've got an idea!"
"Am I the first?", Lisa Simpson responded.
"No.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "I call this meeting of the Brotherhood of the Spectacles to order. Our mission: to get Chalmers back his job."
"Why, no." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Your intellect-deadening DVDs turned my brother's brain to jelly."
Homer Simpson responded "No, Marge. No!"
Marge Simpson: "Okay, I've entered my billing address... expiration date... and charged!"
"White rabbit... chicks poppin' mushrooms... this is like the Playboy Mansion. Maybe I can think of a story uh, more suitable for a baby.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"I saw Krabappel's butt. I paid.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Here, guys."
Marge Simpson responded "He's such a little dickens. Although Dickens was pretty well-behaved."
Lisa Simpson replied "It looks great. I can't believe we scrubbed that old man smell out of a hundred and thirty-seven rooms."
"We've got to do something. I know --maybe we can get people to sign a petition." Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "There's a four-thirty in the morning now?"
"Krusty, I can't believe you're giving up. I thought you'd make a difference, that's why I voted for you." Bart Simpson answered.
"Her building became one of the wonders of the world." Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "You can't make us come down."
"You must think we're the worst parents in the world.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Lurleen's daddy comes back after thirty years and he's father of the year. Why can't I leave for thirty years?"
"Donny's discount gas!" Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson: "Okay, America. Inspire me."
Marge Simpson said: "It wasn't just her, Homie. It was all of us."
Marge Simpson answered: "Forwards?"
"What about the Detroit Lions?", Bart Simpson replied.
"Marge, unlike C.P.R., this is something I must know." Homer Simpson said.
"Sit down, boy!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "You see? Before, I probably would have driven to the syrup."
"Is that a pentagram? Lis! You've finally come over to the dark side.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Oh, pshaw." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Did you know that every day Mexican gays sneak into this country and unplug our brain-dead ladies?"
"Skinner and Chalmers loaded that bus with those kids... but why?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "There, there, Homer. You'll find a job. You've caused plenty of industrial accidents and you've always bounced back."
"See Marge, someone up in the sky did hear your prayers...", Ned Flanders replied.
Homer Simpson: "The pie you baked us killed that shark!"
"What does he want now?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh, I always forget about this part.", Marge Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders answered "I'm having a kidney and a lung removed."
Bart Simpson replied "Really? It's not that bad, is it?"
"Christmas is a time when people of all religions come together to worship Jesus Christ.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"This is way better than camp. No mosquitoes, no stupid camp songs..." Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Everything's fine... we'll just wait here for the tow truck."
"Come here!" Marge Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak replied "Aw, Homer. You know your money's no good here."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Global warming can cause weather at both extremes -- hot and cold."
"Hi, Bart. What're you doing?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Ah, well if it makes you feel any better, he's probably doin' her right now."
Marge Simpson answered "Hello. I'm Marge. This is my husband Homer, my daughters Lisa and Maggie and my son -- Bart Simpson."
"They're not dolls, they're aspiration figures. But it might work." Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Flanders? What are you doin' here?"
"Uh, Marge? I don't want to ruin the moment, but you got something stuck between your-- ohhh...", Homer Simpson answered.
"Rye am Romer Rimpson...", Homer Simpson answered.
"No I'm not. I just can't believe some people are paying hundreds of dollars for something a hillbilly pulled out of the trash.", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "What do you want?"
"Let 'im go, Mom.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Yeah, and I'm Clobbersaurus.", Homer Simpson responded.
"What the?", Marge Simpson responded.
"You got me!" Homer Simpson said.
"Hey, uh, careful, boys. That arch is lookin' a little Romanesque.", Ned Flanders said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Sure."
Bart Simpson replied "Dad, the cake!"
"Well, it all sounds lovely, but...", Marge Simpson answered.
"Homer, you already dialed.", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Cool, she can fly!"
"Dad, thank you. Like always, the fact that I could tune you out without fearing I'd miss out on something, gave me the time to take stock, and realize how ungrateful I have been. Which means I've got a train to catch.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Oh, I was just trying to accurately portray my unique and quirky home life.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "Man I need a job."
Bart Simpson replied "Years ago, Stanley DeGroot was a cook here at the school..."
Homer Simpson replied: "What the hell does gooble goo mean?"
Ned Flanders answered: "Well, something's in there all right."
"Dad, I love you, but: you are a weird, sore-headed old crank and nobody likes ya." Homer Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner answered "Willie, you're no stranger to the inner-workings of the female mind."
"This one's against us. This one's for us. For, for, against, for, against...", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "Really?"
"Yes, sir." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "No, I can't. I'm just a big fool."
Homer Simpson answered "Well, here it is, so we can open it and find out now."
"Stricken I lurched forth in search of aide.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Well, I'll just buy one of these and build something different." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Me? In the majors?"
"Calm down, everyone. Calm down. I'm sure they'll have us out of here soon.", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "There's nothing I can do to save my sister, the blimp or this airship."
"Where is this party?!" Marge Simpson said.
"It's ringing." Homer Simpson said.
"Total disaster. Complete bomb. Utter failure. Uh, dream I painted. And in this economy a man needs to find new customers while keeping his old best friends. So, whaddaya say?", Moe Szyslak replied.
"Why, you little --" Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner answered: "Yes."
"Ahh, why does that always happen?" Homer Simpson said.
"It's not funny! That's how I swear!" Ned Flanders replied.
"That's good.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Ooh, look at it go."
Homer Simpson answered "Aw, so that's what's been wrong with the little fella. He misses casual sex."
"Oh my God, you're right. I spelled it wrong. I tried my best -- and I failed!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Confident... Vassar sticker on the windshield... could it be... do I detect... enthusiasm?!" Lisa Simpson said.
"Damn Burns... Lemme just get one thing." Moe Szyslak answered.
"Look at this place! We must have really painted the town last night. I have a pounding headache, my mouth tastes like vomit, and I don't remember a thing!" Ned Flanders said.
"That's the collection money!" Seymour Skinner answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "So... you're saying I don't need a new muffler?"
Bart Simpson replied "Whoa, Krusty's prop room!"
"Keep reachin' for the stars, kid.", Homer Simpson answered.
"I'm home!" Bart Simpson responded.
"I've given out my share of bad reviews.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Mom, I think Maggie misses TV.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"I'm a showman!" C. Montgomery Burns said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Hmmm."
Lisa Simpson replied: "With his mom gone, Homer needed a hero. And no one was a bigger hero than the magical little man behind the controls."
"This election is out of control. Someone terrible could win!" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, no wonder I didn't hear about Bart being elected world's greatest sex machine."
Homer Simpson said "I never thought Homer Simpson would be a part of the Day of the Locust."
Homer Simpson replied: "Now, I'm not a man who's good with words..."
Homer Simpson replied "Whatever happened to your mail order bride?"
"Hello?... Oh, Homie, hello! I can't remember the last time you called me from -- Oh, you want to speak to Lisa?", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "My, you've grown."
Homer Simpson: "Uh-oh."
Homer Simpson answered "All right, Econo-Save, you just made the list."
Homer Simpson replied: "Battery, battery, battery!"
"Hey, don't you try and prank me with a fake name -- I'll rip out your intestines and use 'em to make a lanyard... Hello? Hello?" Moe Szyslak answered.
"Haw haw. April Fool's.", Homer Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders said: "I wish he were, Rod, I pray for the day, but I'm afraid he's just delirious from fever."
"I... I de...", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "Um-hmmm. Who called the police?"
"Guess I forgot to put the fog lights in...", Homer Simpson responded.
"In a minute, honey.", Homer Simpson said.
"Not to worry.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Because we just bought them new shoes!"
"... American Patriot.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Dad, don't take this wrong, but your expression doesn't fill me with confidence."
Marge Simpson: "I just wanted to win for once. Please don't take it as a threat to your manhood."
"You got that right.", Bart Simpson answered.
"We're not jumping, Homer." Marge Simpson responded.
"Every time I do art, some do-gooder teacher sends it straight to a therapist.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Sure. My son is Bart Simpson and..."
"MORE FREE STUFF, MORE FREE STUFF, MORE FREE STUFF...", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Y'ello."
Homer Simpson replied: "That's ridiculous, talking fudge."
Seymour Skinner said "As I was saying, my yearly evaluation couldn't've come at a better time."
"Here's your money, dad." Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded "No, no! Then he'll know I told! Dad, you said I could trust you."
Seymour Skinner answered "Life insurance? Hmmm... Will I be able to borrow against the equity?"
"Why don't you just eat him, Dad.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "Her manager? That's ridiculous. I won't allow you to spend any more time away from your family."
Moe Szyslak said: "Way to shove, Edna."
Bart Simpson responded "At least this time it was Lisa who ruined Bob's life."
"Hi, sweetie.", Marge Simpson responded.
"To Fraternal Love.", Lisa Simpson said.
"I had this idea years ago...but your mother wouldn't let me do it." Homer Simpson answered.
"Goodbye, my electrical friends. I can't afford to use you, so I'm doing what any good American would do -- throw you away." Homer Simpson replied.
"Don't try to pin this on me, sister.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "No, thanks."
"Oh, Homer, you'd lose your head if it weren't securely fastened to your neck.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Tow rope?"
"Shut up Flanders. Flanders!" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Hmm, I think you have to keep your job too."
"Hey, who wants ice cream in bed?" Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Does either of you know what incontinent means?"
Homer Simpson answered "All right, but just be careful."
"Hm. Well, no one's forcing you to stay.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Good morning, partner!"
"In the first place... do whatever you want. I'm getting' a candy apple." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Marge, I thought this was an innocuous lunch but it's become terribly ocuous.", Homer Simpson answered.
"That was odd.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Hey! How did Churchy La Femme get half price?", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "Oh, that's perfect."
Marge Simpson responded: "Oh, it must be something big. Hm. Something you did?... no, something you saw."
Homer Simpson answered: "Ooh, campus! Do you have a statue of the founder I can stick a funny hat on?"
"Pay up, Marge." Homer Simpson replied.
"Can I ask you guys something? Why does someone become a bully?", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "I'm not ashamed."
"Wowwww! McBain has really buffed up. You could grate cheese on those abs.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Lord, forgive me for my pride. All-wise, as always, you have rightly raised Homer above me.", Ned Flanders responded.
"You always do the right thing... sort of.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "What are you guys in for?"
"Hello, Jerry? Homer Simpson. Remember last month, when I paid back that loan? Well, now I need you to do a favor for me.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Ah, Homer J. Simpson, you're a genius."
"Bart! Yes." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "I want to buy your fanciest hot tub!"
"She's under a lot of stress. Her husband's at sea.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Okay, men, it's time to clean up this town." Homer Simpson replied.
"Gosh, Moe, I use these all the time. Couldn't you just bash my head in?" Homer Simpson said.
"I guess..." Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "Hey, why don't we dump spaghetti on Maggie's head?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Quit trying to control me."
"Ow, my heart!", Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner replied "But just in case you want to do any more thinking, I'm proud to present you with an official key to the study hall."
"Aye ca-rum-ba." Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "That's right, Aunt Selma. Your new boyfriend here framed Krusty the Clown for armed robbery."
Bart Simpson said "Quiet, youse!"
Marge Simpson replied: "Busy day at work? Did you get a lot of work done, workerman?"
Lisa Simpson replied "You're blond too."
"I met one of my heroes today. She started the f--" Lisa Simpson responded.
"But Homer, I'm afraid that cable has become an evil presence in our home." Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded "Coltrane, you were with us only briefly, but we'll always have the ride home from the shelter. And uh... I guess that's it. Amen."
Homer Simpson replied "Go!"
"Americans!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Sweet bowling alley balloon. You're my only friend.", Homer Simpson responded.
"I'm winning!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Aw, what a beautiful frame. Perfect for my day care permit. Sweet." Homer Simpson responded.
"He was a singer in the sixties, like The Archies and The Banana Splits." Marge Simpson said.
"I wonder if they have a lost and found. Oh, what the hey." Marge Simpson responded.
"Wowww -- A shoehorn! Just like in the movies!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Sweet."
"That would be so great.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"See you later, I'm going to the library.", Lisa Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "I suppose that's normal background radiation? The kind you would find in any well-maintained nuclear facility? Or, for that matter, playgrounds and hospitals."
"I moe, I moe.", Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "Our boat painting!"
Homer Simpson responded "I don't think you realize what you're saying."
"What's wrong with it?", Homer Simpson said.
"Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! It's Mick Jagger and Keith Richards...", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "The phone's not even plugged in!"
"For our first game, I need everyone to draw a picture of President Eisenhower." Marge Simpson said.
"Uh-oh.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "I'm sorry, I wasn't listening. I was lost in your eyes."
Homer Simpson answered: "A hungry, hungry hippo!"
"I'll be there. And this time you can be the nacho man." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Mindy, because of our uncontrollable attraction, I think we should avoid each other from now on."
Lisa Simpson responded: "You know what? I bet he can't even fit into his old costume."
"S'allright?", Bart Simpson said.
"And that's the story of April Fool's Day.", Homer Simpson said.
"I told my friends I had a date...", Marge Simpson responded.
"Hey... you.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Willie, in the next few weeks I'll be teaching you poise, pronunciation and posture. Let's see you stand up as straight as you can." Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Hmm."
Lisa Simpson responded: "No Dad, I want you to play Homer Simpson."
Homer Simpson answered "Thank you. Thank you very much."
Marge Simpson responded: "Hmmm... sometimes I find pickle slices in the sheets."
Bart Simpson answered "I'll say. I learned the true meaning of Columbus Day."
"Just be happy with what you got, son. Don't try to keep up with the Flanderses.", Homer Simpson responded.
"The couch is like that tree!", Homer Simpson said.
"Well, Siegfried and Roy create a lot of illusions, but I doubt their girlfriends dress like that." Ned Flanders responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Homer Simpson. I know a lot of you from church, and the market and such. And I'm not much for talkin' -- but seems to me, in hard times like these that we Americans come together."
"Who wants to say grace?", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Whoa... He's in trouble."
Lisa Simpson said "That's a terrible thing for a father to do."
"If someone did eat Bart's shorts, they'd have a tummy full of pocket garbage!" Marge Simpson said.
"Oh I really felt there was a connection and I-I would definitely go out with her again.", Moe Szyslak responded.
Marge Simpson said: "It's just Flanders. You know him."
Homer Simpson responded: "Hey, everybody! We're going shopping at the Springfield Heights Promenade!"
"Angry Dad slips and crashes down the stairs." Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "It adds yards to any swing!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Duh-uh."
"Why, NBC, of course." Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Um, Dad..."
Lisa Simpson responded: "I can't believe Krusty's retiring. This is tragic!"
Homer Simpson said: "Get your own angel, ya moocher."
"Well... a web page is supposed to be a personal thing. You've just stolen copyrighted material from everyone else. They could sue you for that." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Oh no! Urg... Arrrgh. C'mon you stupid tube!!!"
"Mercy is for the weak, Todd.", Ned Flanders responded.
"Bart!" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Simpson, Homer."
"No, he's gotta learn, Marge. The way my dad made me learn." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Wow!"
"You've only been gone two days.", Marge Simpson replied.
"I say you don't exist!" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded "You make electricity. It runs the hospital!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "That's right! Strike the set, pizza party..."
Homer Simpson replied: "There's only one way out. We've gotta give this greedy town its money back."
"I just need something to receive e-mail.", Homer Simpson said.
"Marge, you don't know what you're saying!", Homer Simpson answered.
"How come Bart gets to do that and I can't spend one night lurking in the bushes outside Chef Boyardee's house?" Homer Simpson answered.
"I love Tapas! It's like appetizers for a meal that never comes!" Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said: "The back yard?! But what if he got out through your half-completed tunnel to Flanders's fridge?"
"Homie...", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "Well when you meet them, tell them your game's too easy."
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Smithers, my wallet's in my right front pocket."
Marge Simpson replied: "Enough with the voting. Ned, Edna, why didn't you tell us?"
Homer Simpson: "Marge, for you."
"There's no noble Simpson." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Hey, pretzels!" Homer Simpson responded.
"I'll save you, Dad!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Oh Bart. Cleaning doesn't have to be a chore. Here... work to the music." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "I mean, I'll deal with those murderous trolls."
"Dad!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "God shmod, I want my monkey-man."
Bart Simpson answered "It's okay, Dad. He's just putting the fear of God in me."
"Yes, yes! That's it! Oh, I could go for one of those right now!" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Marge Simpson answered "What's gotten into Lisa?"
Marge Simpson: "Are you sure you'll be okay?"
"Yes." Bart Simpson replied.
"You name it." Homer Simpson answered.
"That's it. A novel about whaling -- that's something you haven't seen before. Thank you...", Marge Simpson said.
"Would you help me be a better husband?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Go get it, boy!" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "All right, let's just use a razor."
Bart Simpson replied: "It's your birthday?"
Marge Simpson answered: "Well, maybe if you ate some meat you'd have a natural lubricant! You lost all our money?"
"Eat crowd, old man!" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "Done, done."
Homer Simpson: "Yeah, but you hold onto the big things! The point is, the more I got to know you, the more I got to like you."
Bart Simpson replied "Sonny to his Cher!"
Seymour Skinner replied: "I'M SO HAPPY WITH MY EVIL PLAN / SAY GOODBYE TO MUSIC, GYM AND ART / SOON WE WILL HAVE THE PERFECT SCHOOL / WHERE FUN AND EXCITEMENT NEVER START!"
Bart Simpson replied "Oooh, that is gonna hurt tomorrow."
"And uh, how was your day?" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Takin' Care of Business!"
Homer Simpson responded "Fly the blimp, you spoiled kid!"
"The truffle's right over here!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Hi, I'm Homer Simpson. I live next door. So, is that your whistle?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Eep." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "I didn't lie. I was writing fiction with my mouth."
Marge Simpson said: "You haven't had any tea."
Bart Simpson answered: "All right."
"A headset telephone?! I thought those only existed in the movies!" Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "So, how you doin', Willie?"
"You've got it all wrong, my friend. Once you see it my way, you'll understand that being hated is the greatest feeling in the world." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"No, Homer." Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Well, we're here to offer to throw you a little party in your honor."
Bart Simpson: "Ay carumba!"
"Hey, I didn't know you were... uh... you know, one of those--" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Ah! Got one!"
"Um, Nelson? Was the water always up to our necks? Nelson?!" Bart Simpson said.
"Oh!", Bart Simpson answered.
"I have the strangest feeling I've met him before." Seymour Skinner answered.
"I think we all had that idea.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Is Dad in on this takedown?", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "Homer, one thing I've learned is that you don't need a fancy wedding when you're marrying the man you love."
"I've never seen Bart so ashamed of me." Homer Simpson answered.
"That guy with the knife sure can dance, huh?" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "No problem-o. Just make a pass at your commanding officer."
Homer Simpson said: "Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. First, what are your qualifications?"
"I thought I said knock it off!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Look Lisa, honey, I'm sorry I hurt your feelings. But I really had a good time watching football with you. And I think you had a good time with me."
"Why Bart? I thought we were friends!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Get real, ding dong! You've already done so much bad stuff, Skinner's never going to let you on that boat."
"It's time for this peacock to show his feathers. You know, the feathers with the big eye that trick them into thinking that's my front? Said feathers are what I'll flaunt!" C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Uh. Pretty, uh, freaky, huh?"
Bart Simpson answered: "Woo-hoo! Vacation forever!!!!!"
"Never leave again... never leave again... never leave again." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "X-ray specs."
"What the?", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Yes, lotta hysteria..."
Homer Simpson answered "Let go! I gotta get to the tank!"
"Here's for the repairs, and a little extra for you.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "But the flood's only knee-high! At least let us watch 'til the midgets drown."
"Eww, gross! I bet you can't twist it.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "It's bad news, isn't it? I should never get my hopes up. Nothing ever works out for us."
Homer Simpson replied: "Now, kids, it'll take us a while to assimilate. I'll start out as a cop, and then, with time, become a dirty cop."
Bart Simpson responded "Mom, that's a school for the blind."
"Sorry!" Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "I've been prying them apart since before you were born!"
"Which one? Tri-City? Omni-Pay? Insta-Threat? I've beaten 'em all!" Homer Simpson said.
"Bart, I think you're behind this whole thing." Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "Heh, funny, isn't it, Lis? Those people down there have no idea how close they came to complete destruction."
"North American ape... with no chin...", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "It's because of your irreverent attitude that Bart thinks he can sneak headphones into Sunday school."
Homer Simpson: "What are you talking about?"
Homer Simpson said: "Yeah, they're Italian."
"See ya, Homer! / Bye, Dad!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Ah!"
"Madame Curie, we just might have this one in the bag.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Look, if you just want me to forgive you --", Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "I'll keep thinking."
"Huh? Noise. Bad noise!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Whew. Safe at last. Now I'll just turn around and confirm that safety.", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Well, who needs wrapping paper anyway? Just stick a bow on the toy and you're ready to go."
Homer Simpson replied: "O, Merciful God, who has blessed mankind with two kinds of clam chowder, help me find the remote."
"Help! Somebody!" Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "You're the last vote, Homie."
"Well, you're always telling me I should eat more dirt." Homer Simpson answered.
"Down here!" Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson: "Wow, look at all these flavors: Blessed Virgin Berry... Command-Mint... Biblegum..."
C. Montgomery Burns: "Explain this infernal wheel to me again!"
"That moan sounded almost human." Bart Simpson replied.
"Leave me alone, you two!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh yeah, it's great. Why don't we top it off by reading to old people?", Bart Simpson said.
"Jacques." Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Actually, bees rarely sting when they're in a cluster. They only attack to defend their hive."
Moe Szyslak answered "Ah, let 'em be mad. The only thing that matters to me is, you're safe."
"Well, I can breathe out okay." Homer Simpson responded.
"First, it wasn't 25 years. It was 27 years. And second, she had a very good reason.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "Um, yes, I'd like to host an A.A. meeting. Tonight, if possible."
Marge Simpson said "I think there's really something wrong with Santa's Little Helper. He was up barking all night and dug up the back yard worse than ever."
Bart Simpson answered "The best performance of my life."
Marge Simpson responded: "Mmmm, I love this wine."
"Come on, Mom, let's take it for a test drive." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Gee, everyone looks so happy.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Look at Burns' suit. Yeesh.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Once upon a midnight dreary," Lisa Simpson responded.
"So, Renee, it looks like you've taken quite a shine to Moe. Do you mind if I ask why?", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "I hide a bottle of Schnapps in the baby's crib."
"No penalty." Homer Simpson replied.
"We're like this all the time!" Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "Are we cured yet?"
"I know five idiots!", Homer Simpson replied.
"I've gotta stop fantasizing about Lee Majors. Ah, one more." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Hey, does this mean that Mrs. Krabappel is a virgin, too?"
Bart Simpson responded "Okay, but get on your tippy-toes."
Bart Simpson said: "Aw, Mom... This'll take your mind off them."
Homer Simpson replied "Marge, it's public TV! They never have anything good. Where are the Geraldos? Where are the Eubankses-es?"
"Tonight the Springfield Community Playhouse was bathed in the light of a brilliant new star... Dr. Hibbert as Banquo?!", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "I didn't really check. I mainly bought this house for the view."
"How?" Lisa Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak said "Hey, Marge!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Eh, they'll be fine."
"Oh. Yes, of course. Uh, she's behind that plant." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "That's it, boy. You're our last hope."
Bart Simpson replied: "Uh... guys? Guys? The hose."
"Marge, you chased away all my poker buddies." Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, Marge. You're worse than that crusty old dean." Homer Simpson answered.
"Dad, Willie got arrested 'cause of us!" Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Ooh baby! Did I find something to throw out today! If you like space in the attic, are you gonna be happy!"
Marge Simpson responded: "No..."
"Nothing's going on. Just sharing my music with the good people of Vancouver." Lisa Simpson said.
"...integrity... trust... exploitation... the golden rule... role models... serious crime... zero tolerance... the Ten Commandments..." Seymour Skinner answered.
"Yes, sir!" Homer Simpson replied.
"GET ME NUMBER NINE / AND IF YOU DISCONNECT ME / I'LL CHOP OFF YOUR BE...", Lisa Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak answered: "So, how's it goin'? Huh."
"Dad, we've got to tell everyone the truth." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "My bad."
"That's Lenny? Oh, I wanted the black one.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Swiped it from gym class.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "This sucks. Things were so much better back in the Garden."
C. Montgomery Burns said "You know Smithers, I've always despised the laziness of the common worker. Then I realized his spirit was willing, but the flesh was weak. So I replaced the flesh -- which is weak -- with steel, which is strong. Behold, the greatest breakthrough in labor relations since the cat o' nine tails."
Marge Simpson said: "Well, maybe I'll go to Moe's too, seeing as I'm now part owner."
Bart Simpson answered "Zing!"
"Really? Without TV, it's hard to know when one day begins and the other ends.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "Now I know we love the puppies very much, but I think they're getting to be a problem."
"Homer, you know we don't have...", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Excellent?"
Bart Simpson answered: "We need another Vietnam to thin out their ranks a little..."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Bart, what were you doing outside?"
"It's all right, boys." Marge Simpson responded.
"Bart, Lisa went over to Janey's. Quick, run inside and go potty!" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Patterson was right. I'm crashing and burning... crashing and burning..."
"Eight.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "'Fraid not."
Marge Simpson said: "Homer, I have to use the Porta Potty."
"Dad... I want a baby brother.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Bart, I told you not to leave that TV on.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Thanks, Mom. And that means no punishment, right?"
"Do you get the feeling this family is disintegrating? I mean we haven't had a meal with Mom all week. And she hasn't even started my costume for the Geography Pageant." Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded "It's only 5:30."
"Ow! What was that for?" Ned Flanders responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Oh, here's what I was looking for."
"I'm a fan of animation." Marge Simpson said.
"Okay, I have here the four greatest inventions in the history of mankind.", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Yayyy!"
"Homer!", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Hello, this is Mr... Sampson."
"To prolong the run of the series, I was secretly given anti-growth hormones.", Lisa Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak answered "Gentlemen's Whorehouse? Oh, ho, ho!"
Homer Simpson replied "Uh, listen, if you could indulge me... Larry and I fist-bump every morning. Like that..."
"You could make a lot of money." Marge Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders answered: "I see him, son."
Homer Simpson responded: "Gentlemen, I have an idea."
Bart Simpson responded: "When she talks to me, I feel like a better person."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Can we have wine?"
"C'mon, Homer! Jump!" Marge Simpson replied.
"Aw, c'mon, look at me. I'm a gargoyle. What, with the cauliflower ear there, and the lizard lips...", Moe Szyslak answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "To hell with the Livery Commission!"
Homer Simpson replied: "You guys gotta help me! If Marge leaves I'll have nothing except my many friends, and half the fortune she is now making and will continue to make."
"I'm going to contribute my money to the Corporation for Public Broadcasting.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner answered "Fine. I'll do the job myself."
"This is a videotape for my daughter, Maggie. Hi, Maggie. I'm speaking to you from beyond the grave. Oooooooh. Hope that didn't scare you. Well, you're a grown-up now, and unless you've taped over this, you're probably wondering what kind of man your father was... He was a simple man. A kind man. A gentle man who loved his children and...", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Mom."
"Well, I guess they'd help me hold the dictionaries up." Bart Simpson said.
"Maybe you should see a doctor, Homie. A head doctor.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Why didn't you ask our permission, Lisa?" Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "Homer, we're a Mary Bailey family."
Homer Simpson responded: "Marge, wake up! The newspaper is talking to me!"
Homer Simpson said: "Are they, Marge? If you think about it, aren't they really just the parents of a kid who happens to hang out with our kid?"
Marge Simpson replied "Homer, your behavior is heinous."
"Crandall!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Come on, Homer. They're only in town for eight months, then they're gone!" Marge Simpson replied.
"You see, the problem is, we've grown apart." Marge Simpson replied.
"Vancouver smoked salmon. Here. Smell it!", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Now who's being naive."
"Say, I hear a foghorn. BOR-ING...", Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "A jewel! Why would nuns want a jewel?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Hey!"
Marge Simpson replied "I'm sorry, Homie. I just can't find it in my heart to come back right now."
Seymour Skinner answered: "I sketched out exactly what I wanted."
Bart Simpson: "We would have gotten even more if Lisa could walk faster."
Marge Simpson said: "See you after the game, when you're a big star."
"Shut up boy.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Well, don't look at me... just because I'm holding a pair of scissors. Scissors which I need... to uh... to gussy-up these curtains." Marge Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns said "Why, you'd have to get up."
Homer Simpson responded: "Okay, our book will be about... an orphan who goes to a magical school... where he discovers he's... a vampire!"
Marge Simpson responded "I wish my family was with me."
"And now the reason we're all here today... Lisa Simpson!" Seymour Skinner replied.
"Homer, come back!", Marge Simpson answered.
"Uh-huh." Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "No."
"But... all right." Homer Simpson responded.
"We were learning to use all thirty-three forks." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Hi, Patty. Hi, Selma."
Ned Flanders replied: "...and Harry Potter and all his wizard friends went straight to hell for practicing witchcraft."
"On the other hand, who's to say what's right these days... what with all our modern ideas... and products." Homer Simpson answered.
"So my Dad blew all the money I made from that embarrassing commercial. Promise me you won't tell anyone about it." Bart Simpson said.
"Solar." Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "Shauna! I saw that! I'm going to have to let you go."
"Oh yeah? Take a look at this:", Bart Simpson said.
"Deal." Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "We gotta get that tree back!"
Homer Simpson responded "Okay, Marge. As long as we're traumatizing the kids, I have a scandalous story of my own."
"Milhouse, I'm getting tired of waiting." Marge Simpson said.
"If you want to keep your job, then you better start... BA-BA, BA-BA, BA-BA-BA-BA-BA...", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "I'm just saying that people of your heritage... which could be any one of many heritages, I'm not pigeonholing... is it a Catholic thing?"
Bart Simpson responded "What?"
"A dinosaur!", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Now I believe you."
Moe Szyslak said "Is it? Oh, well that's it. That's-- Dagmar, Julian, throw this bum out."
Bart Simpson replied "Responsibly."
"Lisa, if you could just forgive me, you would make me the happiest man in Vermont. Except for those two dudes I saw gettin' hitched. Not my thing, but I wish 'em well." Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson said: "Superman did it."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Um, are you sure you don't want to try me again?"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Did you hear that Maggie? Another baby in the house."
"Mom, I'm gonna tighten Milhouse's straps. He's fidgeting again.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Where is this music coming from?", Lisa Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns: "We don't have to be adversaries, Homer. We both want a fair union contract."
Bart Simpson: "Huh. One plus one equals two? Recently divorced fourth-grade teacher wishes to meet man age 18-60. Object: save me. Write Edna K, Box 402."
Homer Simpson said: "Uh-oh, can't let Marge see this."
Lisa Simpson said "Come on Mom! You still have twenty minutes left -- you can fix it!"
Homer Simpson said: "I'll say it, Marge, it's in Hell! The Inferno! Perdition! Arizona without the golf!"
"Now I suppose you both have to sign this. I hope blood won't be necessary." Marge Simpson answered.
"I guess people just expect their carpenter to be some fat guy with his butt crack showing.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Jump, boy! I gotcha!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Like what?"
Lisa Simpson replied "Don't forget to look in his shoes. When I lose something, sometimes it turns up in my shoes."
Homer Simpson responded: "Um, wait, I forgot the words."
"I'd say the greater danger is her scepter acting as a lightning rod. Unless it's made out of plastic.", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Hose down the freaks?"
Homer Simpson answered "I'm trying to get a refund for this ticket. Is this the executive office of the ball club?"
"Nooo!" Bart Simpson replied.
"On a Friday afternoon?! I bet he's playing poker again!", Marge Simpson responded.
"...so that's how I was outfoxed by a little girl and her half-wit companion. When my beautiful stadium was declared a bee sanctuary, and I had to take a third-quarter writedown of eight hundred four million dollars.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
C. Montgomery Burns: "No, I can't kill you either. Look at you standing there on your hind legs like a couple of Rory Calhouns."
"Get to work." Bart Simpson replied.
"These are Homer's friends and family. They don't want him dead, they just want him to suffer.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Oh, Dad..." Lisa Simpson responded.
"I'm proud of you, boy. Mmmm, loganberry." Homer Simpson replied.
"Angry Dad got an Oscar nomination?!", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "I'm sorry, but this leg's gonna have to go."
Moe Szyslak replied: "Cleo, Cleo, you've brought music to my heart, but this relationship can never work. I'm a doctor, and you're a 5,000-year-old mummy I brought back to life."
"No.", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "Well, she's dangled on the line long enough. It's time to boat this bass."
Homer Simpson said "We can, and will!"
"I don't know. Was I drunk?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Congratulations. Your child or children have been selected to appear in Who's Who Among American Elementary School Students.", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "I'd like to pledge thirty dollars. Oh, thank you!"
"Ah, my beloved family. How was church?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Hmmm. thank you. I will, Dr. Hibbert. Thanks for coming." Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "Yep."
Moe Szyslak: "Come on!"
Moe Szyslak answered: "Who can say? It's probably a combination of things."
"No.", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "But what's with the glowing?"
"Three dollars? That doesn't seem so bad." Homer Simpson said.
"Ow! Ow! Ow! Now why would you wear cleats to a store?" Moe Szyslak responded.
"Ohhh. I've always dreamed of coming here. Everybody keep smiling, and I know we're going fit right in." Marge Simpson said.
"Kids, your daddy underwent a special procedure so he can be more attractive to your mother.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "I'm Bart Simpson. I saved you from jail."
Lisa Simpson responded: "It looks like you're not the only predatory opportunist in town."
Homer Simpson replied: "For your information, I'm his father!"
"Yes, but there's two sides to every--", Ned Flanders said.
Bart Simpson responded "What?! No! I'll be late! Skinner will cross my name off the list!"
"Turn that down!" Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, all right. What a- Burn it! Send it to Hell!" Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "Moe, it's me, Marge! I'm your friend!"
"Yeah. What about Sunday?", Bart Simpson answered.
"Bart, here's that cupcake you wanted. I can't help but think if I had just given it to you in the first place, this whole horrible tragedy could have been avoided. I know you can't eat it now, so I'll just place it lovingly on your forehead. ." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "I'm beat."
"Hey, man, she's not my lady anymore. We split up, it's all cool, I... I'll kill you!", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Sure."
"They're gonna to feel so silly when they realize they forgot us.", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "We don't have any dope."
Bart Simpson answered "Think you'll win?"
Lisa Simpson: "Yeah, for about a week. But as soon as they get to know the real you, they departo de Barto. And that's why you're alone tonight."
"Remember when we saw Hunch's butt in the shower?" Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Now remember to eat smart, people. Go for the fancy foods -- don't let 'em fill you up with THAT cheap stuff."
Homer Simpson answered "So it was pretty okay, huh?"
Moe Szyslak answered "Just say you love me, Marge. Love me like I love you. Please?"
Bart Simpson answered: "Will I ever play baseball again?"
"So... what kind of lunch do you pack?" Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "Hey, what is this goo? Are you trying to grow a friend?"
"Just what are you getting at?", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "In the cart."
"Maybe you need to take the leprechaun and sic it on the gypsy.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Try to land on the other traitors."
Homer Simpson said "You should know. It is your favorite album."
Homer Simpson said "He'll show."
"I'm glad you asked, son. Being popular is the most important thing in the world.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Please submit their names along with ninety-five dollars for each handsome volume you wish to order." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "We've had stupider!"
"Wo-o-o-ow!", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Are you?"
Bart Simpson answered: "Security!"
"You know... maybe I should call in sick. We could visit all our old romantic haunts that have closed and turned into temporary Halloween stores." Homer Simpson said.
"Thankily-dank, Mayor, I shan't disappoint. Har ye, har ye! I declare myself pickled tink about Springfield's Bicen-ciddily-ti-ten-toodily-rin-tin-tennial Day!" Ned Flanders replied.
"Yep. It's great to have some time just to ourselves, huh?", Marge Simpson answered.
"Thanks, Dad. But you're so loud it's hurting my ears." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Good one, sir." Homer Simpson responded.
"Nelson... nobody's coming." Bart Simpson said.
"I'm banging my head! I'm going to make the lump even bigger!" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Flanders, are you crying?"
"Just look!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Wow, even Moe's moved to fancy new digs."
Homer Simpson: "Patty, Selma, would you excuse me for a moment?"
Marge Simpson responded "How do you think I felt?"
"Take my wallet and leave me alone!", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"VIP passes!", Bart Simpson answered.
"Does this mean you'll help me with my costume?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"So uh, would you like to cut one? I mean a rug. Oh God, I always say the wrong thing." Moe Szyslak responded.
"This wouldn't have anything to do with Laura coming over, would it?" Lisa Simpson said.
"Gil?!", Marge Simpson answered.
"Sorry, Mom. See, it's that easy!" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Bingo!"
Marge Simpson said "Homer, I don't need you around me 24 hours a day. I'm a grown woman -- I can take care of myself. Now, will you please just go away!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Ah!"
"Ow! Ow! Oh, they're defending themselves somehow!" Homer Simpson replied.
"'Bout what?", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "I said go!"
"...that's why, to this day, you never see a shark with monkey arms." Homer Simpson responded.
"What the?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Soon you'll be mine.", Moe Szyslak said.
"The Shriners?", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"You name it.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Sweet! What am I gonna do with a thousand dollars?" Bart Simpson answered.
"No one turn on the sprinklers, okay?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Sounds just like a stapler, and it never runs out... unless you tell it to. Here's one that gives ya a cool '70s moustache." Homer Simpson said.
"Bart! Hold the ladder still!" Marge Simpson responded.
"Wow, I've never seen Mom so mad at Homer before.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Yeah. And to make things even more suspenseful... our plane leaves in a half hour!"
"Usurper! Usurper! Usurper!" Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "Or you could let me go play with Milhouse while you spend the afternoon watching unpredictable Mexican sitcoms."
Marge Simpson responded "Look, why don't you two settle down. I'm sure you can get another pillow."
"Oh, you dear, dear man. You're one of us beautiful people now. And your new life begins today." Homer Simpson replied.
"Uh, yeah.", Homer Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner responded: "Our mayor's corrupt?! Oh, Mr. X has done this town a great service, despite his poor grammar and spelling."
Bart Simpson answered: "Plead insanity! Plead insanity!"
"Look out!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "That was my plan all along. Now relax and the currents will take us home."
"Oh, let's just take it from the top.", Ned Flanders said.
"I'm tired. I'm hungry. Can't we just buy a new house?", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "...and your infinite patience with a big, dumb jerk like me. Oh, Ned, I don't deserve you as a neighbor, but will you forgive a young, handsome fool and come home?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, you'd like that, wouldn't you?"
"You really care, man. A lot of bullies just phone it in. Kearney.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Hey there blimpy boy Flying through the sky so fancy free --" Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak replied "She told me she was washin' her hair tonight. I'm so desperately lonely."
"Hey, where's Maggie?" Lisa Simpson replied.
"Get 'em off me! Get 'em off! Aaah!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Kids, your mom is with another man, and I need you to help me find out who he is. Hm... is this really something I should show you kids?"
"Hello?" Marge Simpson replied.
"There you go. There you go. You too..." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"That's it. We're going downtown to get our kids back. Right now!", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "Yes, sir. It was a beautiful Sunday afternoon. I was playing in my wholesome childlike way, little realizing that I was about to be struck down by the Luxury Car of Death."
Bart Simpson said: "I'm here for my free birthday sundae."
"Aw, poor Maggie.", Homer Simpson said.
"But your song said you liked Springfield." Marge Simpson said.
"Marge!... Marge!...", Homer Simpson replied.
"Then I'm going with you!" Bart Simpson responded.
"Well, that's one of them!" Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "All right, I'm in. I'll humiliate the love of your life. Because I like you, I'll even do it pro boner."
Marge Simpson answered "Feeling better, Super Dad?"
Homer Simpson said "That's us!"
"Won't... dignify that... with response." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Great debut, son. You really settled in after some early jitters." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "Oh my God. He's talking to me."
Marge Simpson replied: "Well, I guess Macy's and Gimbel's learned to live side by side."
"Gotta go.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Well, what do you call it?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Yeah, I wanted to spend Christmas with you guys." Lisa Simpson responded.
"That's quite a tale, Grampa.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "You'll understand one day when you have kids of your own."
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Hello! Why it's... it's uh... oh it's..."
Lisa Simpson said "Oh Mom, those loggers chopped down the tree! Why did I have to leave my post?"
"And he said if we went to the cops, he'd come back for Maggie.", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "I'm not racing! It's me, Marge Simpson!"
"Marge?... Lisa?... Flanders?..." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "So Milhouse got the redemption he deserved... and so, in a way, did Bart."
"Mr. Ploot? Homer Simpson here. When you sold me this house you forgot to mention one little thing. You didn't tell me it was built on an Indian burial ground. No you didn't! Well, that's not my recollection... Yeah! Well... all right, goodbye. He says he mentioned it five or six times.", Homer Simpson answered.
"You don't have the intelligence to rig an election by yourself, do you?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak said: "Nice going there, Homer."
Seymour Skinner replied "Oh, very much so, but as long as we handle this in a mature and, above all, quiet manner, we'll still get that grant money. Oh, you really scared me there."
"Uh, I wouldn't eat them peanuts. They're uh, they're spit-backs.", Moe Szyslak said.
Bart Simpson responded "Solve your problem, Milhouse?"
Bart Simpson responded: "What's inside?"
"Dad, it's just that too much of your love can really be... scary." Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "Never mind. Looks like the Flanders' are gonna get those seats anyway."
"Well, I guess that's it. People like us can't afford justice. Come on Homie, let's go before he fires you too." Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "Go on, Bart. No time like the present."
"Marge please, control your jealousy. This is your daughter!", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "Oh, I'm not doing this for the money. I'm just happy knowing that future generations will enjoy unspoiled median strips and pristine highway embankments."
Homer Simpson said "Uh, yeah, um, uh as a change of pace, I'm gonna let you do most of the work. I think you're ready for it, Alan."
Marge Simpson: "Hank?! Hank who?"
Marge Simpson said: "Oh Homer, that's ridiculous. Bart, instead of fighting, why don't you try a little understanding?"
Lisa Simpson said: "Bart, did your mystical Jewish monster beat up those bullies?"
"Well, here we are!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Keep up the good work, toots.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "I'll give it one marathon."
"Or swindling our neighbors." Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Aha!"
"Have a good day, you two! Don't be me!", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "They better be for a hundred and twenty-five big ones!"
Bart Simpson replied "Another beer, Dad?"
"Mom, I wanna be just like you. I mean the lava part, not saving Lisa.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "I gotta go shake the dew off the lilly."
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh my, what's that thing you're doing?"
"Yes we are." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "Fish scales?"
"Who are you?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Woo hoo! I won!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Take it!"
"Do you want the Golden Globe?", Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner responded "Marge, Homer, this marital discord is perfect. But please, save it for home where your son could see it."
"Look at them all, through the darkness I'm bringing. They're not sad at all, they're actually singing! They sing without juicers! They sing without blenders! They sing without flunjers, capdabblers and smendlers! Tell Simpson I'm ready to deal", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Uh, could I just get a look at that?"
"You like parties, huh? Well, I just remembered they're having a big one down at the waterfront this weekend.", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "Are you sure you don't want to go to a doctor? I mean, a drawbridge did close on your head."
"He's the bestest dog ever. He's light brown and he has a spot on him shaped like a heart." Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "But?"
"We promise." Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "That's it! We're outta here."
Marge Simpson answered "It's close, but no."
"Quite preposterous. But no one will believe me until I can prove what it really is. Can't you do a DNA test or something?", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "You are? Hm, which will win out? My old-fashioned prejudices or the fact that I've already mixed my laundry with yours. I'll have to sleep on it."
"Dad, you did it! I am so proud of you.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Well, I'm sure our town's police force will handle this competently." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Yeah, well Lenny said it."
"You're not listening. You're only hearing what you want to hear.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Hmm, inconclusive.", Seymour Skinner replied.
Bart Simpson answered "Here's my test."
Bart Simpson answered: "Oh, my God."
Homer Simpson said: "Who is that?!"
Bart Simpson replied: "Oh, can we keep him Dad, please?"
Homer Simpson: "Hello, Mr. Burns, this is the kidnapper. Do you miss your son?"
Bart Simpson responded: "Come on, Touch of death. Touch of death. Touch of death."
"Eat my dust, dust!", Homer Simpson responded.
"You told me he was at culinary school!" Marge Simpson responded.
"That's what I assumed.", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Uh-oh."
C. Montgomery Burns responded "If I tug the bill of my cap like so..."
Marge Simpson said "Really? But the franchise agreement says Mother Hubbard Inc. would provide adequate training for all employees, which they didn't. Clause twenty-seven C-3."
"Uh, I think it might be time to hang up the ol' beaded seat cover there.", Moe Szyslak said.
"Oh sure, you take his side. Just 'cause he bought you that house on St. James Place." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Your voice is so gravelly, just like Lauren Bacall's."
"Look, I want a baby brother, but I can't get my parents to do it." Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "Okay."
"Yes, I do.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered "That's your hat!"
"The secret is don't read the comment cards." Homer Simpson answered.
"Urge to kill fading, fading..." Homer Simpson responded.
"Yeah. It sounded like naked bacon to me. I don't know why they say you're the dumb guy, Tom.", Homer Simpson replied.
"So, when you take your practice test, take your number two pencil and...", Seymour Skinner answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "For Marge?"
"Ooh! Ooh! Okay, the face!" Moe Szyslak replied.
"No way.", Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "If you don't want to say it, just think it."
"So, Trent, where's the party bus headed now?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Jimminy Kimmel! Look how much they're charging for Bart's treatment!", Marge Simpson replied.
"Mmm-hmm. Very much. And your laugh..." Seymour Skinner answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Everyone got an assignment but us."
"Lisa's going somewhere after school two days a week. And all we have are boxing wizards. If we're gonna find out what Lisa's up to, I'll need the help of all her old boyfriends." Bart Simpson said.
"He ruined the wedding -- getting his revenge on us at last!", Lisa Simpson said.
"Maggie, you're swimming! You swam out to save me." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "Homer, wait. Herb, what're you talking about?"
Bart Simpson replied "Fetch, boy!"
"C'mon, boy. I know you're scared, but you can do this. I believe in you!" Bart Simpson replied.
"Look, I know this wasn't the greatest outing, but your father meant well, so don't let him know that we didn't ." Marge Simpson replied.
"Oh, we stopped those when the kids said I was too fat to carry.", Homer Simpson answered.
"That was the idea.", Seymour Skinner answered.
"How did Santa's Little Helper get in there?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"He's in for some lovin'." Homer Simpson said.
"Kick him in the ribs...", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "That's from the first Amendment to the Constitution. Thank you."
"I know how to cheer you up." Homer Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak said "Yes, yes, I did. I was told to."
"Another beer, Moe." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "Yeah, but what does not kill me makes me stronger. Wow, that was a lot of words -- I need some energy."
"What kind of parents would permit such a lapse in scalpel hygiene?" Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson responded "Why don't you dance? Dance?!"
Homer Simpson answered "Well, he is building a soapbox derby racer."
"Grandma, I accept your gift.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Sorry." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "That could've been my motherboard lying in the street!"
Homer Simpson responded "All right, Fat Tony. If it's trouble with Quimby you're after--"
Homer Simpson: "Well, uh, okay. What the heck, I've earned a little break."
Homer Simpson said "Well, that didn't work."
"What are you talking about?" Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "Now Homer, you do have big bones."
Moe Szyslak responded "Kill 'em!"
"You're right. We have to do something. Let's watch TV!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Oh my God! This counts as exercise? I'm barely moving and I'm smelling Cinnebun. Sometimes you have to wait till you're thirty-eight to discover who you really are. I'm a seventy-nine-year-old man!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "In the olden times, if you were watching TV and nature called, you'd have to get up and walk to the bathroom. It was the hardest thing in the world to do. But now, with the Lazy Man Reclining Toilet Chair, you can just lean back and let 'er rip."
Moe Szyslak replied: "Maybe... but maybe, we don't want to be Stonecutters no more."
Bart Simpson responded "Were falcons involved in any way?"
Marge Simpson answered: "Those jets keep going lower and lower."
"Next song. / That's what I meant. / Absolutely." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Two can play at that game."
Marge Simpson: "Harms no one? Explain that to... well what about... I think you forgot about... Hmm..."
"Oh, nothing... How would you feel if I did some volunteer work at the prison?" Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "Uh, you missed the turn-off, Mr. Warren."
"WE OUGHTA DROWN YOU JUST LIKE CATS!", Moe Szyslak responded.
Homer Simpson: "Lisa, honey, you're forgetting the beer. It comes in seventy-two ounce tubs here."
Bart Simpson replied "They're pretty funny. Once I used one on Milhouse. He was wishing for his parents to get back together, but the flame never went out."
Homer Simpson said: "Oh, you're right. This farm's hopeless. Why didn't I listen to those inbred hicks? I guess I'll just go hang myself in the barn."
Seymour Skinner said: "Just call me Fireman Skinner."
"Well, in bowling ability.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Bravo!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Weaving?!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "IT'S STILL ON / IN MY HEAD / IT WILL BE THERE TILL I'M DEAD..."
Lisa Simpson answered: "And you only wanted those as bait to catch gummy fish."
"That seems about right." Homer Simpson answered.
"I get it. I get it. That's your thing.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"Thanks, Freakazoid. I'd just like to say that there's one person to whom I really owe my newfound success: Marge Simpson.", Moe Szyslak answered.
Homer Simpson: "I can understand how they wouldn't let in those wild jungle apes, but what about those really smart ones who live among us -- who roller skate and smoke cigars?"
"Um... will you marry me?", Moe Szyslak answered.
"Mrs. Simpson, may I take you for an evening drive? Our loaner awaits!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Ms. Dubinsky, can you please just tell us why you hate Krusty?" Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Hey, that looks like Bart."
"No. They went for a walk with the Flanders. Bart, what's going on? Why are these repo guys taking all your stuff?", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Eh, that wasn't so bad." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "That's it, D. Don't let anyone push you around. Be as bad as you wanna be."
"We need Bart to help fold your father's underpants. Where is he, anyway?", Marge Simpson responded.
"Well, looks like our phenomenon is actually a phenomenot. Because when you look at it rationally..." Seymour Skinner replied.
"I'm sorry, Dad... You're fired!" Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "At least you have something you're good at. I'm thirty-eight years old, drivin' a crappy car, with a son who doesn't respect me, and I'm one Snickers pie away from losing my foot to diabetes. Mmm, Snickers pie."
Homer Simpson: "You just leave everything to Homer. And now, I believe you owe me half a sandwich."
"You're making fun of him for something you made him do." Lisa Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak replied "Oh, that's it."
Homer Simpson said "Morning."
"Bart! What are you doing?", Homer Simpson said.
"This is better than our house!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "Wow, Nick here in our house. I hope it doesn't make him think less of me."
"In closing, gentle reader, I'd like to thank you. What's that you say? Me thanking you? No, it's not a misprint. For you see, I enjoyed writing this book as much as you enjoyed reading it. The end." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Seymour Skinner: "I bought you time, boy. Don't blow it."
Lisa Simpson: "You don't even know the rules! This could be my new thing, and you're turning it into a joke!"
Ned Flanders: "Aww, isn't that cute? He's trying to claw my eyes out."
"No! My box! My box!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, yeah. Sure. Thought I'd just get rid of some of the clutter. See anything you like?" Ned Flanders replied.
"Well, I hope you've all learned something from Nelson's headstrongedness. Now from now on..." Seymour Skinner responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "I just want closure."
"Oops.", Bart Simpson responded.
"What have I done? What have I done?!" Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered "Quit it, Dad!"
Lisa Simpson responded "And now without further ado, I give you... this!!!"
Lisa Simpson: "No... I am suggesting you consider cheaper, alternate sources of energy."
"Rod... You can do it, boy! With God on your side, you can't fail!" Ned Flanders responded.
"And why is there moisture in between the windows?!" Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Those are my lungs!"
Bart Simpson said "Mrs. Krabappel, I'm done failing the test. Can I please go to the nurse?"
"One seafood burrito, Apu.", Homer Simpson said.
"I suggest you leave immediately.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "No! You've gotta be sober for this. Gimme that!"
"Please, Dad...please", Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "Langdon Alger? Oh, I don't like him anymore... Okay, but you've got to promise you won't get mad or tell anyone, especially Bart."
"We didn't? That's odd. Seems like we would've done that right after we left the car place.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Yeah, the Simpson family is a long line of horse thieves, deadbeats, horse beats, dead thieves, and even a few..."
"What? What?! What am I missing? What?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Moldy!?! Old!?!... I'm gonna get something to eat!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Why you little--!", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "Sorry. I was rushing because I'm in the wrong school. Can you believe that?"
Lisa Simpson replied: "Dad? Did you come into some money we don't know about?"
Lisa Simpson answered: "Wow, I'm surprised you guys know so much about a sport."
"Oh, we drank so much that night." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Try to catch one on your tongue."
"Yeah, I thought Bart would be born a dimwit." Homer Simpson responded.
"You got it, little buddy.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Absolutely not!" Marge Simpson said.
"Anything else?" Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "A sterling silver picture frame -- with pictures of our kids in it."
"Flashlight, please." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Oh, no."
"You will not be getting a tattoo for Christmas." Marge Simpson answered.
"You don't have to start drinking right away. I was thinking we could go for a bike ride.", Marge Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns said "Nice to meet you."
"Homer, where are you?", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Well, here we are, home early."
Marge Simpson said: "Bring the television up. Bart's got his vision back!"
"This is more violent than the Hip Hop Awards. You've got to stop your father!", Marge Simpson answered.
"Nelson." Lisa Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner said: "Yes, yes, every day we go through this. Why don't you just incinerate the contraband."
Homer Simpson answered "Oh my God! That man might be hurt! Guards, there's a prisoner in there!"
"Get to work!" Marge Simpson responded.
"So, you loved her right from the start.", Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Well Bart, because of you, a horrible, yet innocent person is going to jail."
Homer Simpson replied: "Yeah, Homer again. I think we got cut off. Y'ello?"
"I'll tell you what day it is. Today is the day you become my heir!", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"It was just an April Fool's joke.", Bart Simpson replied.
"My God, are you always on?", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"...and the bold, new ideas these tiny tykes unveil for us today could make thousands of jobs like yours obsolete!" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson responded "No, because... You see I went ahead and... Year-wise, I was counting forward from the last previous..."
Marge Simpson answered "They grow up so fast."
"Mom, I'm not sure I'm ready for a new cat." Lisa Simpson responded.
"They don't sound happy... but here comes a mob, shaking their fists in gratitude." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "You shouldn't've gone away on vacation."
"Hey buddy." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "I was wondering what became of him."
"Uh-oh." Homer Simpson replied.
"No problem.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "SHE COULDN'T POSSIBLY DO WORSE!"
"Hey, donkey, want a carrot?", Bart Simpson answered.
"Lisa, let me explain what happened tonight. Sometimes when your Mom has half a glass of wine, she goes cuckoo bananas." Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "Sure!"
Lisa Simpson: "Hi, Dad. Looking for me?"
"Don't worry son, they're gonna make sure no one ever falls down this well again.", Homer Simpson responded.
"No, no all that's in there is love and gratitude.", Marge Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Beep beep! Out of my way, I'm a motorist!"
"Perhaps. But for now, you may suckle your Baggins.", Seymour Skinner answered.
"Homie, if I died, would you be sad?", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "There we go. Comin' up... what can I do for you?"
"Hello... I'd like the department of missing babies." Homer Simpson said.
"All right! That's it. We're goin' home. I'm sick of you and your stupid tonic!" Homer Simpson said.
"Here, Marge, let me. Hate to be an armchair Blanche, but I always gave it one of these...", Ned Flanders answered.
"Ned, Homer and I are a little concerned with the way the school's being run.", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "You don't know how."
Lisa Simpson responded "Let's see. Dirt... dirt... Well, there wasn't really much dirt."
"The one who shot me was..." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Pepi." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Ahso sheepay to you."
"Oh, wet and wonderful God, your flood has driven us to the roof of your church. Surely this has proven whatever point you had.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Wait a minute."
"Yes, go on." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "It's... um... Jannnn... Febbbb... Marrr..."
Bart Simpson said "Well maybe pulling pranks is the only thing I'm good at."
Homer Simpson said "Oh sorry, son. I wanted you to bring me the stack of tiles from the top shelf. Hey, Ray's here!"
"Yes!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Stupid pothole. Don't worry, head. The computer will do our thinking now."
Homer Simpson responded: "People will think what I tell them to think when you tell me what to tell them to think!"
Bart Simpson said "Did you check your pocket?"
"Last day of scho-ol! Last day of scho-ol! Found my summer hob-by! Banging pots togeth-er!", Bart Simpson responded.
"And that's how, with a few minor adjustments, you can turn a regular gun into five guns.", Moe Szyslak answered.
Moe Szyslak said "And that's me. Hey, thank you, guys. Thanks. It's a brand new day."
"Nobody will ever cut me off again!", Marge Simpson said.
"Rat boy? I resent that.", Bart Simpson responded.
"And those principles have consistently been in place during this country's most prosperous times. So if that's a liberal then I am a liberal... and hang me." Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "I don't work here."
Marge Simpson answered "Golf it is."
"You'll see the Statue of Liberty wearing lederhosen before you see Germans running my plant!", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"To ensure that this frenzied dance of destruction is never repeated, I have decided, starting Monday, all students will be required to wear uniforms.", Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson responded "Okay."
Lisa Simpson said "Dad, how can you put a price on your dignity?"
Marge Simpson said: "I'm sorry, but does Kirk know how silly he looks?"
"I don't really have very much experience, but I'll be---" Ned Flanders replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Oh honey, why must you always assume that a huge picture of us, at a secret meeting we weren't told about, is a bad thing?"
"Noooo!", Ned Flanders replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "Kill spectators."
Bart Simpson answered "It's hard to see what's going on. I can only make out the fat soldiers."
Marge Simpson: "We all have to make sacrifices, dear. Maggie's baby clothes will have to last for a little longer..."
"Survive what?", Marge Simpson replied.
"Well, I've tightened the bolt! I think we're good!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Dad, don't worry, I got you a place.", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "Makes sense to me."
"So, did you boys have a good time?", Ned Flanders answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "YOUR LIPS RED AS FLAME, / YOUR FACE WITH A LUSTER / THAT PUTS GOLD TO SHAME!"
"Let's find out." Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered "Thank you, Dad."
"Dad? Please just drive the car, Dad.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "We don't have seatbelts."
"Three: You seem to be of the Jewish faith." Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Well, if no one else jumped off the Empire State Building, would you not jump?"
Lisa Simpson: "Taco, please."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Well I believe you're required to provide a vegetarian alternative."
Bart Simpson replied "Again! Again!"
"Sorry.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "To Krusty. The greatest entertainer in the world. Except maybe that guy."
"Show biz is so fascinating." Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "I can't believe you did that to me."
"No, please, I'll do anything!", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "Who's cuter now?"
"But it can't be an angel!" Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "Shut up!"
"Sideshow Mel is in a custody battle? And it's turning bitter?", Marge Simpson replied.
"All right... What's the number?" Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Didn't everybody have a wonderful time? I thought it was so opulent -- like the Playboy Mansion, but non-sexual."
"Sleep well, Lis. Somehow sewing my head on your shoulder brought us closer together." Bart Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner replied "From her grade grubbing to her apple polishing..."
Ned Flanders said: "Well now Roddy, the Lord wouldn't let us die this way."
Moe Szyslak answered: "Whaaa?"
Homer Simpson said: "Bart, look! It's Santa Claus!"
"Can - we - skip - church?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Lisa, I've selected you to be that child anchor.", Seymour Skinner answered.
Bart Simpson said: "My A.D.D. meds."
"It's a deal.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Hey! You're supposed to be doing your homework! No more TV for you!"
"Baaaaaart!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"All right.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "She's so sleepy, she doesn't know what she's saying. Hee, hee."
"BECAUSE HE WAS SINGING, WE OVERHEARD HIS PLAN / AND COULD SAVE THOSE DOGS FROM THAT MEAN OLD MAN.", Lisa Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Next."
"Oh, there's something unsatisfying about scrubbing these rocks. And I think I know what it is...", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Why me?" Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "Perestroika?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Lisa! Lisa, beer me."
Bart Simpson replied: "What the hell is this?"
"You're giving me absolute power?!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "I just felt a chill go through my very soul."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Aw, come on, Bart, it's fun!"
"So where do you want to show off your new hip togs? The Sherbet Shoppe? The Candle District? Big Sue's Tap Water Taffy?" Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Ow! That's my face, you idiot!"
"Willie, did you get the letter about your pay cut?" Seymour Skinner answered.
"These candidates make me want to vomit in terror! I've got to stop them!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Oh yeah? They think they're better than us, huh? Bart, c'mere a minute."
"Yeah... think about it." Homer Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak said: "Hey, hey. No kids in the bar."
"That's not an award, that's part of the set.", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "I'm going to set things right. Wanna come with me?"
"Marge, this ticket doesn't just give me a seat, it also gives me the right - no, the duty, to make a complete ass of myself.", Homer Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak said: "He's here?!"
Moe Szyslak answered "I was just doin' what comes naturally to me -- being mean to animals."
"Whatever.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Hey, a couch is a couch."
Marge Simpson answered "Are you sure you can get your deposit back? It's in pretty bad shape."
Bart Simpson said: "Hey, that's Taffy's page. Ooh, I see that she's in a relationship."
Ned Flanders responded "Okay, here goes nothin'."
Bart Simpson responded: "Oh, now Martin's scoring off of me. Oh, that is it. Listen up, everybody! Follow me!"
Moe Szyslak said: "That guy just don't get it, do he?"
"You drunk yet?" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Are you just saying that 'cause you don't want me to see the hippo?"
Homer Simpson said "My God, you're right, Marge. You kids wouldn't put me in a home like I did to my dad, would you?"
"I'd rather not go than lie.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Gee, I feel bad. If people knew the real Monty Burns, and not the silver-dollar-throwing morphine addict you've become, they might like you."
Homer Simpson answered "These are my keys."
Lisa Simpson said: "Can you put a number on it?"
Bart Simpson responded "C'mon, Dad, we got a long way to go. You can't stay mad at me the whole time."
"Hello, I'd like to order a pizza. Thirty-five minutes?!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Whoa, Gil's a big shot!", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "BOOOOO!"
"Mom, I'm scared.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Give me that! Now if you'll excuse us, children, the pups have a date with a fashion knife.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Seymour Skinner responded "The Be Sharps."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Bart! I'm gonna tell!"
"Marge, it's three A.M. Shouldn't you be baking?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Well...", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "I think I did pretty good in there."
C. Montgomery Burns said "Come with me."
Homer Simpson: "So you're not the best golfer here! Wait'll I tell everyone about this! You stink!"
Bart Simpson answered "Okay, okay! Just checking."
Lisa Simpson answered: "But if you can learn from Malibu Stacy's mistakes, so can everyone. I'm sure we can think of something together. C'mon!"
"... And here's a marble for Lisa for cleaning her room, and a marble for Bart for not trashing Lisa's room." Marge Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner: "First prize!"
Bart Simpson said "Cool! They give you a bag of the bedbugs they killed."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Uh, that's right. The U.N. doesn't look too kindly on..."
Lisa Simpson said: "It wasn't a pie, it was science! And it's not fair -- my project was way better than Bart's, and I didn't have help from a nerd! I'm my own nerd!"
"None of these things ever really happened." Bart Simpson answered.
"Come on, Dad. With his brains and your musky smell, I've got a full male role model." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Ohh... What does it matter? We're doomed!"
"A convict painted that?" Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "I can't take it. I'm just going to draw a hairline on."
"Once intoxicated, we had a great idea.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "Uh-huh."
"Are you kidding? I love my tinklies." Bart Simpson said.
"I know. He's grooming me. Mmm... elephant fresh.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Nice try, Bob -- but you didn't count on one thing.", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "No."
Bart Simpson replied "Wow, that sounds pretty sweet."
"It was only a dream.", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "Homer no. You'll kill us all."
"Dad! The fish!", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Come spring, they sought help from the Native Americans."
"No fires.", Marge Simpson responded.
"I like being thanked." Homer Simpson replied.
"Well, if you wanted to, you could give me my body back." Homer Simpson answered.
"Not until you're older, son." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "I'm not giving up. I don't care if I have to knock on every door in this two-bit town. I'm gonna find my dog."
Lisa Simpson: "Nirvana."
Lisa Simpson responded "They-they don't?"
"All the way from Gay Paree. Four bucks, plus tax." Bart Simpson answered.
"It's a miracle!" Marge Simpson replied.
"Helen Lovejoy, you always have to stir the pot.", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded "WHERE IS THAT GHASTLY FLOW?"
"Oh, bad dog! Bad dog!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh. I'm so stupid."
"After this we'll do makeovers!" Lisa Simpson said.
Ned Flanders: "Whoa! Where's everyone going? What's wrong?"
Lisa Simpson said "Security guards?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Choke on your candor!"
"Let go of me! I'm innocent!", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"It's called caring, Marge.", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said: "My poem has become an elegy. An elegy no one will ever hear."
Marge Simpson replied: "I can testify at the trial."
"Now, Ned, troubled boys need rules and discipline. They crave it! You just lay down the law." Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "We are now eleven seconds behind schedule!"
"WE CAN'T EVEN GET ANY LOCAL LAWS PASSED / WITHOUT EVERYONE SINGING LIKE A BIG BROADWAY CAST.", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "You know, Conan, I have a lot to say. I'm not just a one line wonder. Did you know that a section of rainforest the size of Kansas is burned every single..."
"For life!" Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered "Does, too."
"You're teaching Bart a terrible lesson of intolerance!" Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "The perfect crime. Marge, I have to be in court next Tuesday."
Marge Simpson answered "Lisa, what are you doing?"
"I'm sorry, honey. I wanted so badly to give you a fancy wedding." Homer Simpson said.
"You got very lucky this time. Don't push it." Marge Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Okay, it's time to win the love of these hateful morons. Step one: amass a vast media empire."
Lisa Simpson answered "Need-help-now-come-with-me-done-something-terrible!"
Lisa Simpson: "Oh boy! / All right, free money! / Wow!"
C. Montgomery Burns said "Well, I'm going to change this town's accurate impression of me."
"Listen, I can take care of everything. All you have to do is unshrink me." Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded "Ah, pre-modern man. If these wise warriors could speak, what would they tell us?"
"Well, he sure sucked the fun out of that poem." Marge Simpson responded.
"Marge, Homer, this is Brody and Madison McKenna. Bart has been sharing a desk with their daughter Nikki." Seymour Skinner answered.
"But it's not good enough, is it?", Marge Simpson responded.
"Grampa, I think you should give up the bullfighting.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"It's nice and cool in here, don't you think?" Marge Simpson answered.
"Oh Kirk, come join the parents in the kitchen. We're having alcohol drinks, and dishing on the parents who aren't here.", Marge Simpson replied.
"I got it used from the Navy. You can flash-fry a buffalo in forty seconds." Moe Szyslak said.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Ah, yes, Simpson. I'll have my lunch now. A single pillow of shredded wheat, some steamed toast, and a dodo egg."
Bart Simpson replied: "The best part was when the buildings fell down!"
Homer Simpson answered: "I could lick you all day long."
"How do you figure?", Homer Simpson said.
"Hey, I know that horse! It's Sudsley! Sudsley Brew-Right!" Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders responded "But Reverend..."
Bart Simpson responded: "Look, Dad. Barber hair."
Homer Simpson answered "Funny how the brain does that, huh?"
"Oh Honey, her life can't compare to yours. You've got three kids, a TV tray from Expo sixty-seven, and you're married to King Stink!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Don't worry, son -- I've got a plan to save your space doggy.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "Ah, yes... I remember Christmas Eve when I was eight."
"Oh, let the good times roll.", Seymour Skinner replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Oh yeah. Like you don't know. We're gonna have sex."
Homer Simpson answered: "Mmmmm. Chocolate."
"Mom, you cut the tether.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "I've got to, honey. I owe it to ol' Red, as both his friend and his killer."
"It's a miracle!" Ned Flanders answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Why are you dedicating your life to blasphemy?"
"Limbo? You mean the dance or that place where unbaptized babies go? Either way, I'm in.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "And Mark McGwire gave you an autographed bat."
"You're breaking the law." Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "Ohhh. I see -- that's all you wanted."
Homer Simpson: "You know that racecar bed I made him?"
Bart Simpson replied "I have a watch with a minute hand."
"Congratulations, Mom. You seem to have a prescription for success.", Lisa Simpson said.
"I'm prepared to make that sacrifice." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Fifty bucks for a toy? No kid is worth that."
Homer Simpson said "Oh my God. Everyone's gone! Little Bart..."
"Steal? Oh no, you got the wrong guy." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Scully, you're cut. Ehhh, Brooks, Groening, Simon, you're all cut. Castellaneta, gone. Kavner, cut. Cartwright, cut. Smith, sorry, cut. Azaria and Shearer, you're cut. Firestone, you're cut. So is Judge. Namath, you stay. All of those people are cut. Phil, Schultz and Wolf and Silverman. Goldreyer, O'Brien, Dolye, Selman. I don't know what... I don't know what you're doin' here, 'cause you're all cut. Pietila, Clan..., Kuwahaha... There're so many cuts here look, I'll just post 'em up and you just see where your name is. Oooo, look at how many cuts there are there. Ohhh, boy, you're cut. All of you. He's cut, I cut you! You're cut too, Shooshie!"
Ned Flanders responded "Hey Marge, I don't I don't really want a computer. You know all those complete strangers Googling each other. Makes my flesh crawl."
Marge Simpson responded: "Stop that, Bart. Homer, speak to him."
"Which of you is the YouTube of the kid high on dentist's gas? Is it you? Is it you? Is it you?" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "I'm doing the Conan O'Brien show and I wanna have some intelligent stuff to talk about."
"Honey, I bet you're wondering why Daddy's not at work again. The answer may surprise you. I have a new job choreographing end zone dances for a professional football player." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Procedure. Deadly procedure."
"Lisa, you can't go this far and then not go further.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Ow!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Marge, dear. Would it be all right if I went over to Moe's for a drink?"
Homer Simpson said "Boy, you squeal like a piggy for the hillbilly man!"
"Yeah, Dad! You can be the world's laziest stunt organizer!", Bart Simpson said.
"Get lost, rummy!" Marge Simpson replied.
"Spoiler!" Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns said "I do."
"It's true we're losing money..." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "I am! The female Tiger Woods of the nineteen-thirties, Babe Didrikson Zaharias."
"When you say it, it's not just in your head.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "I want you to act the same way two days in a row! Augggh! I am not gonna let you hurt me anymore."
Homer Simpson responded: "Holy moly!"
Homer Simpson: "Don't you worry about Wikipedia -- we'll change it when we get home. We'll change a lot of things."
"The Cascades?! They totally stole the Federal Cup from us last year! Can I go Mom? Can I?" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Okay, out you go!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "Friday night, pork chops. From cradle to grave... etched in stone in God's library somewhere..."
"Hm. Well, did you see that picture of me in...", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "Oh, I missed you so much, boy."
"Yeah, like the guy who designed Bender just took a drawing of Dad and stuck an antenna on it.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Marge, when I join an underground cult, I expect a little support from my family." Homer Simpson responded.
"Fire in the hole!" Homer Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders answered: "There's Homer. There's Homer too. That's also Homer. That's Homer."
Moe Szyslak replied "Well, if Hawaii's what my baby wants, Hawaii's what my baby gets."
"Gah! Why should I be watchin' anything when I could look at the most beautiful thing in the world: youse.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"No, Maggie! Stay in the shallow end." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "... it was the most I ever threw-up and it changed my life forever."
Homer Simpson said: "But I guess I should find out a little bit about you."
"Then it's settled.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Nah, he'll get tired of biting in an hour or so. Snakes: nature's quitters."
"Well, lots of people like jazz fusion..." Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "Homie, do you ever drink alone?"
"Good luck!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Missed out? I didn't miss out. What'd I miss out on?" Bart Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns said "All right, good. Let's dig... That's right, dig some more... Oh, we make quite a duo: Burns and associate. No, no, what am I thinking? Burns and... teammate."
Marge Simpson answered "Thank you so much."
"They didn't start chasing us until you turned on that getaway music.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "She used to be my therapist."
Bart Simpson answered: "Is that my jacket?"
Homer Simpson said "Hey, who cut something out of my paper?"
"Homer, no!", Marge Simpson answered.
"Hi, Dad.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Agh, my mouth!" Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Do I have to do this?"
Homer Simpson said: "It lost some points 'cause it had a Hot Wheel on it."
Marge Simpson: "Ooh..."
Bart Simpson answered "Wouldn't you eventually get used to it, like in a hot tub?"
Lisa Simpson answered: "Oh, great. So I'm dead now? Fine, I'm sick of this stupid game anyway."
Bart Simpson said: "Hey, gonna win some this season?"
Lisa Simpson answered: "Grampa must've set them free!"
"Uh... check.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Please let me win this, Lord. 'Cause if you don't...", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "Face the facts, has-been. This man is the comic book guy our town deserves!"
"Richard Nixon.", Homer Simpson replied.
"G-g-good night, D-dad." Bart Simpson answered.
"Me too.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Fine.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"...But a quicker way to the ranch is that shortcut." Lisa Simpson replied.
"And Krusty's superfluous third nipple!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Homer, we've got to stop them.", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Dad, how drunk are you?"
Bart Simpson replied: "Ralph, would you just --"
Moe Szyslak answered "Huh? No, no-no-no. It's just that... Um... Renee, there's somethin' I gotta tell ya."
"Oh my God, is that me?!" Marge Simpson said.
"This is Lindsay Naegle. And don't let the skirt fool you -- she'll have this place making money in no time." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Smashie, smashie." Bart Simpson replied.
"Tough choice." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Eeuhgh. What is this thing?"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Especially bonnets."
"Ding-dong, the witch is dead.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "I'll pay! How much?"
Moe Szyslak responded: "Hey, wait a minute -- this is real money!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "No doubt! Can't a girl fabulize herself before the big dance?"
"Yak yak yak yak yak.", Homer Simpson responded.
"No! In your life!", Seymour Skinner replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "Ahhh... I'm there."
"Come watch TV with me, Dad. We missed the first two episodes of Cops, but if we hurry we can catch the last three.", Bart Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders said "Homer, fall backward!"
"I guess, or one of her friends.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Sexy Slumber Party dot com?", Bart Simpson replied.
"We've gotta find someplace no one will ever go. Hel-lo!", Homer Simpson said.
"All right, folks show's over. No more to see, folks. Only sick people want to see my folks kiss." Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Mona Simpson, Mona Stevens, Martha Stewart, Penelope Olsen, Muddy Mae Suggins..."
"But what should I do? Should I meditate? Should I get rid of all my possessions?" Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "Sure thing, Dad."
Homer Simpson responded "No."
"Homie, you've been such a sweetheart today. Let's go upstairs and...", Marge Simpson said.
"Oh. Oh, I'd do anything." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "But this time, on ice!"
Marge Simpson: "Betcha they're not! Three to one. How much you got?"
"No it's not, it's my tummy. I mean stomach. Gut. Crap factory." Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded: "Well, now that that's settled, I'll just clear the dishes."
"Ah, just snowflakes on my mustache.", Ned Flanders said.
"It's gone. And we still don't have any proof." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Krusty! How 'bout a nice shot of you with the boy you injured?"
C. Montgomery Burns said "Yes, you won all right. You won more than you bargained for."
"Someday I want to be an F-14 pilot like my hero, Tom. He lent me this new weapon called a Neural Disrupter." Bart Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders replied "Why the crescendo, my dear old friend-o?"
"Astonishing news out of Eau Claire, Wisconsin: the Olympic Committee has announced that Mixed Curling will be a Demonstration Event at the Winter Olympics!" Seymour Skinner responded.
Moe Szyslak answered: "Gimme that! Don't you dare question the gospel according to Dr. Swig McJigger. He's drinkin' his own brains."
"Wait, Dad, he's smiling.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "But the thing you have to remember is that you have to let them be who they are because you love them..."
"What?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Simpson, be a dear and rub my legs till the feeling comes back." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"She's talking to her invisible friend. God." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Guys, thanks for bailing me out. But I still have a huge problem."
Bart Simpson responded "Let's see... Milhouse would be happy again if he had family to take care of him. Family, family..."
Bart Simpson answered: "Me. I smell a museum."
"Oh.", Homer Simpson said.
"What about Bart's bedroom?", Lisa Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders replied "You are a picture and a half! Well -- hee hee! -- if you're finished by tomorrow, come on over and strap on the feed bag. We're gonna fire up old Propane Elaine and put the heat to the meat! Nummy nummy num!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Smelson! It's funny 'cause you smell."
Homer Simpson answered "I didn't say stop."
Homer Simpson answered: "Congress shall have the Power To lay and collect Taxes... no new States shall be formed or erected within the Jurisdiction of any other Staaaate..."
"They're not boogers! They're clumps of rubber cement. That I stored in my nose." Bart Simpson answered.
"Now the class nerd. Milhouse?" Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "We didn't say anything."
Moe Szyslak answered "The monster queen is comin' on to me!"
Marge Simpson replied "I THOUGHT MY LIFE WOULD BE A MARDI GRAS/ A NEVER-ENDING PARTY -- HA!/ I'M A FADED SOUTHERN DAME WITHOUT A DIME..."
Homer Simpson answered "Oh, this is the most fun I've had in my whole life."
"Pure poison." Moe Szyslak said.
"Finally I realized if I was ever going to get out of there, I would have to do it myself.", Seymour Skinner said.
Bart Simpson: "Shouldn't we wait for the other babies before we open the presents?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Wait!"
Marge Simpson answered "No it wasn't!"
Moe Szyslak: "Homer... this bar's only for real Americans. And people on permanent visas, like me. What? What are you all lookin' at? I'm Dutch. Eh, forget all of you."
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh, okay. I'd like a big one, then."
"Well, time to get to work." Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "Dogs always land on their feet."
"Hey, calm down. You're wrinkling your church clothes!", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "Cool! I want one."
Marge Simpson replied: "Stampy's food bill today was three hundred dollars."
"They're gettin' rich off us!", Bart Simpson responded.
"No, of course not. The very notion of a talking banana is absurd! Still." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Moe Szyslak: "No problem. The ol' Crayola oblongata."
Homer Simpson answered "A rattler!"
Lisa Simpson: "Thanks for making me feel better about this place, Luke."
Ned Flanders replied "We might as well make it official."
"Easy... easy...", Homer Simpson replied.
"Relax, kids, just be yourselves.", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Enjoy your bath?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Nope."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Wait, I'm confused. Why was a wolf shooting a web?"
"But we insist on paying our own way.", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "Nope, looks normal... Wait a minute."
Homer Simpson answered: "Why?"
"Is Oliver there?", Bart Simpson said.
"Oh, no. My baby's up there!", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "Hello."
"Look who's here!" Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "That's better."
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Oh, indeed it is. Tonight I will be continuing my courtship of Princess Wilhelmina of Prussia."
Homer Simpson replied "You look great."
"Well... football's not really my thing.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"But only by two points. And they didn't resort to stealing bases like the other team, so it's kind of a moral victory." Marge Simpson answered.
"Witty." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "Hey, Krusty."
"Thirty-five cents? Where did that come from? Can't be mine -- must be yours.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Mary Bailey. Well, if I was governor, I'd sure find better things to do with my time."
"Oh, but what if they missed something? You have to allow an archeological survey!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Excuse me. Excuse me, have you seen an old man with a lot of money? He looks like me, but he's wrinkled? Hello, have you seen a..."
Marge Simpson responded "Homer, for God sakes, put your poncho on!"
Homer Simpson answered: "When you're an experienced woodsman like me, you get a feel for these things. It becomes natural. Like a third sense."
Homer Simpson: "Kids are the best, Apu. You can teach them to hate the things you hate. And they practically raise themselves, what with the Internet and all."
Seymour Skinner said: "Monty Burns, everybody!"
Homer Simpson replied "You put da beer in da coconut and drink it all up / You put da beer in da coconut and throw da can away..."
Lisa Simpson responded "Huh. Two queens. That's a great start."
"Animals can get sick?!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Fine, you can go to school!" Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Oh, no, I'm not here to take a reading test. I wanna see some credentials."
"Hey Bart? At least I've got a date!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Thank you, Mr. Bergstrom.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "Sir, we have to call off this bake sale, now!"
Homer Simpson said "So, I gotta know... do you guys forgive me?"
Homer Simpson responded: "The wind may have stopped working, but my brain nev...er does. Check it out, gang."
Bart Simpson responded "Okey-dokey."
Homer Simpson replied "Ed Sullivan."
Homer Simpson replied "Cutting my nails? Brushing my teeth?"
"I guess I could just sit on a bed...", Homer Simpson responded.
"Woo hoo!", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded "What the?"
Homer Simpson responded "Slave girl? Oh, slave girl?"
Marge Simpson replied: "She's got a set of lungs on her."
Bart Simpson replied "Say again?"
"No! Oh, Becky, your potatoes are the best I've ever had.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Let's have a little quality time together, just you and me." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered "What in the world?"
"We had a story to go with this painting, but it was far too intense. So we just threw something together with vampires. Enjoy!" Bart Simpson responded.
"Here's good news. According to this eye-catching article, SAT scores are declining at a slower rate." Homer Simpson responded.
"I'm not a journalist." Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Ohhh."
"You don't have to sue me to get my pants off." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Marge Simpson responded "He had a teacher who finally got through to him and they fired him."
"Huh? Say that again.", Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded "Got me? What are you talking about? I've been volunteering here for a year."
Homer Simpson responded: "YOU BETTER BE STRONG"
"Ub. Apu friend me good." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "Perfect! Perfect!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Huh? What?"
"NACHO, NACHO MAN / I WANT TO BE A NACHO MAN.", Homer Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders answered "Aw, Maude. Your dead grandmother's pajamas. You know what that does to me."
Homer Simpson replied: "Uh... sure we will, son. Right, Captain?"
Homer Simpson replied: "You know the Four Seasons? Well, I'm experiencing them first hand, because I'm living in the park."
Moe Szyslak: "Uh, what?"
Marge Simpson: "Gee, Artie. Artie wait. I don't know. I mean, it was it was a beautiful evening. Let's not ruin it."
"I'm sorry, Mr. Hutz, but I just can't lie to people.", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "There should be a law against abandoning your child..."
Bart Simpson replied: "Go home, boy! Go... home!"
"Mmm, that's terrific, Duncan. You're ten for ten. Now, let's look in the rulebook and see if horses can play in the NFL." Homer Simpson replied.
"Does that drone do date nights with the wife?", Homer Simpson said.
"I know I shouldn't get too attached to a building, but... that's where Lisa took her first step... the kids' height...Homer's weight..." Marge Simpson answered.
"Listen carefully. I have taken your wife hostage. If you don't have a wife, I have kidnapped your brother. Nod if you understand.", Homer Simpson responded.
"No, I didn't." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Here's looking at you, cud." Bart Simpson responded.
"All you have to do is think about your most cherished memories.", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "Please don't make us go. If you make me get on that plane, I'll give myself diarrhea! I know how!"
Homer Simpson responded: "At what time?"
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Hello! An open grave. Smithers, get him out quickly, the stench is overpowering."
"You betcha! This kiosk sells personalized movies. I had one made starring little Rod." Ned Flanders answered.
Bart Simpson said: "Thanks Dad, that's great advice."
Bart Simpson said: "Aw, boo hoo. That's what they get paid for."
"Oh, brother." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait -- back up a bit now. When are the pancakes coming in the mail?" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "Everyone thinks they're monsters, but I raised them and I love them. I know that's hard to understand."
Bart Simpson said "We'll tell ya, mom."
Lisa Simpson said: "Well, maybe."
Marge Simpson responded "Oh Homie, what a wonderful anniversary!"
Marge Simpson responded: "Sorry, Homie, but you promised to take me to the Apron Expo today."
Marge Simpson replied: "I just wish there was something we could do... Oh. Oh, Homer, are you thinking what I'm thinking?"
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Well, that was a pretty good party. Do you think Carol from payroll and Mike from shipping are going to hook up?"
"I'm sorry I ran off. Being second to Maggie's not so bad. But why didn't Maggie press the right button 'til I told her to?", Lisa Simpson said.
"She's in the back yard!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Dr. Winslooooow..." Homer Simpson responded.
"No beer!", Marge Simpson replied.
"You're the boss." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Marge, I wish you well, but why would women want to go to a gym if there were no men there watching them and judging them?"
"That was last week, and you're still bringing it up!" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "How about a barber shop?"
"Dad, I'll trade you this delicious door stop for your crummy ol' danish." Bart Simpson said.
"Is there anything I can do?" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Uh, well... I was gonna surprise you, but, um... happy anniversary, baby!"
"Aw, making teenagers depressed is like shootin' fish in a barrel." Bart Simpson replied.
"Greta called. It seems you told her you were sick.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Wait for what? Confirmation of my attitude?" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "Check this out."
"Marge... ix-nay on the ash-hole-tray.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Come on, Marge -- let's hit the buffet.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Hey, yeah. You could load it up with lots of swears. That's what David Mamet does."
"According to this magazine, Bart might be jealous of her." Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded "Huh."
Homer Simpson answered "I guess these days headhunters can be anything."
"But these pants were good for another day.", Seymour Skinner responded.
Lisa Simpson: "All right! Now you've got all the Simpsons behind you, Apu!"
"Hm." Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "I'm doomed."
Moe Szyslak replied: "Well, anyone can get a laugh at the expense of an ugly dog. But crazy beards? That's where the big boys play."
"Cool!" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "What's wrong with us?!"
Lisa Simpson answered: "Oh, look, Bart, now you got Maggie all upset!"
Marge Simpson replied "Bart! Don't write on the rug!"
"Make it two.", Lisa Simpson said.
"How 'bout this one -- St. Jerome's Catholic School?", Marge Simpson said.
"Outta the way, Slim." Moe Szyslak answered.
"We can't sell the house. We can't live here. What are we going to do?", Marge Simpson responded.
"I will, but it's because I want to." Seymour Skinner said.
"Thank you, Nelson." Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "Ho-ly night..."
"Hey, you can't blame Principal Skinner for wanting to feature his best student.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "I think she just answers their phone..."
"There's only one way out -- I'm committing Barbicide!" Homer Simpson replied.
"You know, Mr. Burns, you're the richest guy I know. Way richer than Lenny." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Milhouse, I hold in this hand Denis Leary's cell phone. And in this hand, the phone numbers of bars around the world. Let's start with Hawaii."
Lisa Simpson: "I'll do it."
"Good for you, Homie. You know, a lot of things happened around here while you were gone." Marge Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Take it easy, Homer. I learned how to make other drinks at Bartender's School."
Marge Simpson responded "Yes."
"Dad, you out-talked the talking heads!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Wow, well I I almost fainted, but then I didn't. What are you doing?", Homer Simpson replied.
"D'oh!" Homer Simpson said.
"Mom, this is fascinating. Did you know that they'll stop Dad's heart for six whole minutes?", Lisa Simpson replied.
"...And then I sped away without anyone seeing my license plate." Homer Simpson said.
"Bart, we need that to win the contest." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Oh yeah baby, I like it when you're distracted."
Ned Flanders responded "Uh hmm. That's right. I'm like Baskin Robbins. You get one free taste then you gotta buy the scoop."
Homer Simpson said: "Marge, remove that stitching."
Marge Simpson said: "Huh? A mysterious door!"
"She's not on drugs. She couldn't sleep because of Dad's chronic snoring.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Oh, Homie, I love them. I can't thank you enough.", Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Homie! You look like an N.B.A. coach!"
"On the TV!" Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said "Hey Bart, where you going?"
"Can't you see I'm reading a third-rate biography of Copernicus I found at the bus station?" Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "You're on, Rope-a-dope!"
Marge Simpson said: "Where you going, Bart?"
"Willie's gone for good. Now I can get back to my normal dreams: me and Krusty winning the Superbowl.", Bart Simpson said.
"But where will I sleep?" Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Awwww."
Marge Simpson replied "She's not a devil. I just don't know what to do."
Marge Simpson answered: "Yeah, Indians don't sit around drinking beer and watching TV."
Bart Simpson answered: "Yep. And now we wait."
C. Montgomery Burns: "Simpson, eh? Excellent!"
"Thank you, folks -- you've been a great audience." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Why?! Why must life be so hard? Why must I fail in every attempt at masonry?"
Bart Simpson answered "Man, he's just not tryin' anymore. Gee, never noticed that before!"
"I wanna stay here with Mr. Burns.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Everyone remember where we parked."
Lisa Simpson responded "You won second place?"
Bart Simpson replied: "Those dolphins seem bent on mayhem. We've gotta warn Grampa."
"The old make-out place. Hey! A new weather station. I'll bash it good!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Lis, what's going on? You're not normally this interesting.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Okay. In your terms, points are like mice." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Did the goodnight pixie just kiss my cheek?"
"I won't laugh at you. Let's see--" Homer Simpson replied.
"That evil old bone bag... smelling of death... nose like a vulture... followed everywhere by that kiss-ass Smithers...", Homer Simpson replied.
"Hmmm, what if you gave it a little more of this flavor..." Homer Simpson replied.
"My husband is out there!" Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "I'll kill you if you don't give me some peanuts."
Marge Simpson answered: "You know, you're pretty rude."
Marge Simpson: "You don't know, do you?"
"Marge, try to understand. There are two kinds of college students: jocks and nerds. As a jock, it is my duty to give nerds a hard time.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Why you little...", Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Oops, lost a nail. Well, that's leprosy for you."
"Belt is by Twizzler, vest courtesy of Nelson, tights are by Hello Kitty..." Lisa Simpson replied.
"That kind of romance leads to children." Marge Simpson answered.
"You don't seem to be trying very hard.", Bart Simpson said.
"I wanna see some birds get sucked into the engines! Rare ones!" Bart Simpson responded.
"Wait, Dad, look!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Paw!", Bart Simpson replied.
"I'm Marge Simpson, and I have an idea." Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "I build up a little steam, and..."
Marge Simpson said: "When we got married, you promised me my harvesting days were over."
Seymour Skinner said: "Some days I could just kill you."
"No problemo. We'll just get off at the next exit." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "I'll have you know I wandered off from the tour."
Homer Simpson answered: "Hey..."
Marge Simpson replied: "I remember Little Vicki Valentine! Her perky smile and dancing brought America right out of the depression."
Homer Simpson: "America's latest teller of truth with a book deal on the side."
"I am a washing machine. Do what I say.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Houston, we have a problem. A sexy problem."
Homer Simpson responded: "It'll do for now."
Homer Simpson answered "Marge, have you ever seen pants do this?"
"How 'bout this: Supervising Technician at the toxic waste dump." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "I don't wanna!"
"Did you hear me? I said, I quit, Monty. And since I quit, I can do anything I want.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "That's right, old friend."
"Observe. Hey, it's me again. He's there, isn't he? Well, I hope this doesn't sound weird, but I'm inside your closet.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Okily dokily.", Ned Flanders answered.
"Dad! You're sinking!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"So we're all gonna die?" Homer Simpson said.
"Mmm... Good morning, Pierce. Where's Homer?" Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Well... my Dad said don't bring home anymore dogs, cats, turtles or snakes, but he never said anything about predatory birds."
Lisa Simpson said "I didn't know grownups said bad things about other grownups."
Bart Simpson said: "And I think I've finally found what I was put on this earth to do..."
"My name is Homer Simpson. And I desperately need your help." Homer Simpson responded.
"Hey, it really is you! How'd you get to be so good?" Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "How can you treat him that way? Don't you remember how bad your father made you feel when you played sports?"
Bart Simpson responded: "Wake up, Maggs! It's the last day of school!"
Bart Simpson answered "That's because she can't talk."
"Ooh, what a handsome man!" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Don't you have criminals to catch?"
"Fair enough.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Before you do, I just gotta warn you, Marge. MY TASTE FOR ROMANCE IS KINDA PERVERSE / I CAN ONLY MAKE LOVE IN THE BACK OF A HEARSE...", Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Boo!"
"Wait a minute, was that cat making out with that mouse? 'Cause if they were..." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "That's a good idea. Let's go out for some frosty swirls."
Marge Simpson said: "Homer, every mother in the country is going to want one of these."
Lisa Simpson said: "Oh Mom, I can't believe you gave up painting because of one small-minded art teacher."
"Yeah." Homer Simpson answered.
"What are you talking about? Nobody's trying to teach you that.", Homer Simpson answered.
"You tossed your car keys in my bean plant!" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "No!"
"Cool.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Homer is what grown ups call me. Call me Daddy." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "It's been St. Patrick's Day for hours and I'm still not drunk yet. Oh, it's never gonna be nine o'clock."
"Hm. Would it make a woman happy to do the things she asked you to do?" Homer Simpson responded.
"You mean get beaten up by him?" Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "I volunteered to wash the egg stains off everyone's clothes. It's one of those things you say and hope nobody takes you up on it."
Bart Simpson answered: "Milhouse, real best friends often don't speak for years at a time. Like John Adams and Thomas Jefferson."
Bart Simpson said: "Pardon me for asking, but where the hell's my stupid lobster?"
Moe Szyslak said "No, the ocean. Once you get twelve miles out, there's no laws at all. That's where they held the Tyson/Secretariat fight."
Homer Simpson answered: "It would be an honor!"
Homer Simpson answered "Homer."
Homer Simpson answered: "Sorry."
Lisa Simpson replied "Yay!"
Moe Szyslak said "And I really wanna thank you all. You gave me a new lease on life, and I'm gonna take this opportunity to..."
"Let's move." Seymour Skinner answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "Springfield doesn't want places like this!"
"It don't need no writing on it. It don't even have to be clean.", Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson said "I think I've lost weight."
"Yeah... I guess this means you can't ever try to kill me again, huh?" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "This is it."
"I repeat: did you sleep with Kirk?", Homer Simpson said.
"Mmm." Marge Simpson said.
"That's a bread compartment." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Well, Marge, have you ever seen a field glow like that?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Aww...", Marge Simpson replied.
"It's four AM -- you kids should've been in bed a half hour ago!", Homer Simpson answered.
"while I pondered, weak and weary,", Lisa Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner answered: "We tried to have ourselves accredited as one, but no one here could... draw the pirate."
"Upgrade!" Bart Simpson said.
"If we can just get to the Delta Airlines Gold Medallion Lounge, they can't get in without spending frequent flyer miles." Lisa Simpson said.
"Oh, what do they want!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "No. No. No. Ewww. Why is this on the floor?"
Lisa Simpson: "Mom, you look so glamorous."
"And did you know that little Baby Jesus grew up to be... Jesus?", Homer Simpson said.
"Da-ad! You're not pointing anywhere near Springfield. It's over here, Apu." Lisa Simpson said.
"Hey Dad, can I do a ham-bone solo?" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Why'd I laugh?"
"How come you don't get mad when I torment real animals?", Bart Simpson answered.
"Why do you think I'm kicking it?" Homer Simpson responded.
"You know, Lis, I'm glad I'm not playing baseball anymore. I think I'm more interested in soccer!" Bart Simpson answered.
"Do we want old man Patterson here with his finger on the button?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Are you?", Homer Simpson said.
"Man, this website makes talking drunk to my wife so much safer.", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "What's wrong with it?"
"Dad, I'm so sorry. I know I haven't been a perfect kid..." Bart Simpson responded.
"You're fired! You're all fired! Fired, fired, fired!", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Oh man, I can't wear this. I look like Buster Brown, whoever that is.", Bart Simpson replied.
"The owner of the plant is gone. All that's left is this little mirror he used to amuse himself." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson replied "If I find out it's a right number, you're in big trouble."
Homer Simpson said: "Shazam."
Bart Simpson responded: "Dad, can we talk to Grampa alone for a minute?"
"And I've created something that created something incredibly popular!", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "I hate this stupid holiday! The only thing you can do is screw it up. That's it! Bart, you're a genius!"
"I did it! I reached him!", Ned Flanders replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "You think so, huh? Well, there's only one way to find out. Follow me."
"Well, I've read enough articles about flirting to know it when I see it." Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "Bart, honey, would you like some more cod liver oil?"
Ned Flanders answered "I'm Maude. God is super!"
"Oh, Homey, what's--", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "There it is!"
"What is it, boy? What? Mmmmmmmm... bar-b-que." Homer Simpson replied.
"Well, I bet they miss me." Bart Simpson responded.
"Well, get yourself another hero, kid. I'm all washed up.", Bart Simpson said.
"Monkey. Now, according to Animal Crackers, there's no river here.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Yeah, now that I look closer, that guy couldn't fool anybody." Homer Simpson said.
"where's Homer and Bart?", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "I feel like I've died and gone to Hell."
"Okay, stupid!" Homer Simpson said.
"I haven't said anything for a while." Bart Simpson replied.
"More..." Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "If I like ya, it is."
"I made it myself.", Marge Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders said "No, I kid you not. Here's the noose I had to wear for ten years."
Homer Simpson said "Ding-dong!"
Lisa Simpson replied "But you promised my Dad you would."
Homer Simpson said "We shoulda put in the dog with the shifty eyes."
Homer Simpson responded: "Is that the trillion-dollar bill in his hand?"
"Peace out!" Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson: "But you are Malibu Stacy, and as long as she has your name, you have a responsibility. I'd be mortified if someone ever made a lousy product with the Simpson name on it."
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Oh, we'll hang on to those. Now, to the plant! We'll take the Spruce Moose. Hop in."
"You try it, Maggie!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Thanks, sweetheart. Have a Bible. My name's Homer. What's yours?" Homer Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak replied "You're a long way from home, Yuppie boy. I'll start a tab."
"Oh, Homer, I bet that southern colonel doesn't even show up.", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Uh, yeah. I need something that'll keep me awake, alert, and reckless all night long."
"We'll have Christmas tomorrow!" Homer Simpson said.
"They had to! It came from corporate!", Marge Simpson said.
"This is just what happened at the caramel factory.", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "When?"
"KILLING MAKES ME HUN-GRY" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Sorry, Maggie."
"Boy, I know you're gonna like your present." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "I'm telling! Oh, man."
Homer Simpson said "All my life, I have searched for a car that feels a certain way."
Marge Simpson: "Now, really, I mean it. Now stop it!"
"Uh, works for me.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, I agree.", Homer Simpson answered.
"He did it! He saved her!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Whatcha doin'?"
Marge Simpson replied: "Haul away, driver man!"
"Because a woman shouldn't have to depend on a man. Snow White was brought back to life, by a lady doctor.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Do your homework!", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "But how did you get the key?"
Marge Simpson replied "Huh? / You knew about the coins? / The coins are down here? / ETC."
Lisa Simpson answered: "How did you get that gash on your forehead?"
Lisa Simpson replied "Mom, the girls' school is a joke and I'm not allowed to take the boys' math."
Homer Simpson replied: "Yes, but I have one more thing to show you."
"All the work?", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "And coloring Easter eggs!"
"This calls for decisive action -- like L.B.J.'s use of the period of mourning following the assassination to push through the Civil Rights Act." Homer Simpson replied.
"No! I can't forgive you -- and I don't accept your tuck-in!", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded "Maybe it was, but according to my calculations, you're a great brother fifty-one percent of the time."
"Hey, some people in this family are do-ers, and some are don't-ers.", Bart Simpson said.
"Let me worry about how. But you know, you could make his last day a happy one. And the ring is just the icing on the cake.", Homer Simpson said.
"My store. My offset spatula! Mine!", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "This prank is my Sergeant Pepper's."
Bart Simpson said "Everyone else might give up on me, but my parents never will."
Lisa Simpson responded: "I guess I won't be popular this year, either."
Bart Simpson responded: "Uh, Paw."
"Finally, a way to combine my love of helping people with my love of hurting people.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "Good for him!"
"Start 'er up, boys!", Ned Flanders replied.
"Show 'em what American butts are made of, son!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, no, I'm not." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "Okay."
"Moe, you gotta get me outta here. Tell the cops I didn't steal the car. Say you lent it to me." Homer Simpson answered.
"In theory, yes. Jerk.", Homer Simpson said.
"I told Otto he could have the wedding here. Hope that's okay.", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "THEY TOOK BART SIMPSON TO THE GRAVEYARD / AND THEY BURIED HIM IN THE SAND, OH, YEAH / AND EVERY LOCOMOTIVE THAT COMES ROARIN' BY / SAYS, 'THERE LIES A STEEL-DRIVIN' MAN, LORD! LORD! OH, THERE LIES A --"
Lisa Simpson said "Now dad, I'd like to give you your present."
Bart Simpson responded: "No what?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh kids, I heart you, too!"
Ned Flanders: "What the flood?!"
Bart Simpson: "Quiet, here come the Ninjas."
"I want to go home.", Bart Simpson said.
"Right, leprechaun." Bart Simpson replied.
"Sometimes it's just so nice to have a man take charge.", Homer Simpson responded.
"What the?!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Done and done!", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Hey, get off my case! He's the choke artist!"
Bart Simpson responded "Looks like I've got the house to myself for a while."
"Bring that girl to me." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "SO LISTEN UP BECAUSE I'M GIVING / THE BEST ADVICE YOU'LL EVER KNOW / SO FEEL THE THRILL / I KNOW YOU WILL / IT'S A HIGH TO BE LOA...THED!"
Homer Simpson: "When a woman says nothing's wrong that means everything's wrong. And when a woman says everything's wrong, that means everything's wrong. And when a woman says something's not funny, you'd better not laugh your ass off."
Homer Simpson said "It's good that you made that awful thing, Bart. It's real good."
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Where's my bird going?!"
Seymour Skinner responded "Hm."
Homer Simpson said: "I tell ya, the kid's a wonder. He organized all the lawsuits against me into one class action."
"I call the big one Bitey." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Yeah."
Homer Simpson said: "Stupid Bart. Bagpipes getting down with an octopus... that's classic."
"Well, luckily, I've got a book right here that's jam-packed with answers.", Ned Flanders said.
"Get off me!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Who are you! I'll get you!"
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Have you found any dirt on Mary Bailey?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Floor it!"
"Well, I think it's good for a show to go off the air before it becomes stale and repetitive.", Marge Simpson answered.
"The Bi-Mon Sci-Fi Con?!" Bart Simpson answered.
"Wait till the Drambuie and sleeping pills kick in." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Yes. What's Skinner's weakness?"
"Bo-ring!", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "Can't we just keep going forward in our textbooks?"
"Bart's missing! He must still be in the school!", Seymour Skinner said.
"Can you believe it? Pretty soon I'll be able to quit my job and live off the boy." Homer Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak answered "What are you punks doin'?"
Homer Simpson responded "America loves its Kings, from George the third to Larry."
Lisa Simpson answered "No, that's not it! A secret message this awkwardly-worded is always an anagram."
"Wake up! Wake up, Springfield!", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "Okay, honey. Okay. I'll start taking in all your slacks."
"Your father must be sleeping on his side again." Marge Simpson answered.
"I'm home, everybody! Gee, the house looks great!" Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered: "And if I win, I'll be on Itchy and Scratchy..."
Bart Simpson answered: "Yes'm. Anima Patri, et Filio, et Spiritui Sancto..."
Bart Simpson replied: "Grampa, hush."
Homer Simpson said: "Oh, thank you."
"But everybody comes to Moe's.", Moe Szyslak replied.
Seymour Skinner responded: "And now, to top off our most propane-explosion-free Science Week ever, our grand finale! The launching of a weather balloon."
"Well sure life is full of pain and drudgery, but the trick is to enjoy the few perfect experiences we're given in the moment.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "It's paint. Or is it?"
"Of course you're real! Everybody knows you got the idea for this series after an explosion at a crumpet factory knocked you off a double-decker bus. How could that be made up?!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "I was really looking forward to it."
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Ooh look, a bird has become petrified and lost its sense of direction."
"Mr. Lincoln, I...", Lisa Simpson said.
"Ah, what glorious goo!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Wacky shack!" Bart Simpson said.
"My Dad has a trillion dollars? Wow! I can buy and sell your sorry ass. I'll give you a billion dollars to empty the cat box for me.", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "Come on, Transylvania."
Homer Simpson replied: "And remember not to act afraid. Animals can smell fear. And they don't like it. Besides, there's nothing to be afraid of."
Homer Simpson responded: "You ruin everything! /"
"Nigeria?" Moe Szyslak answered.
Bart Simpson answered "Form a line, no crowding. Cheap beer and a sympathetic ear... Step right up."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Ew! Ew! Ew! I'll never get that image out of my head!"
"Absolutely right.", Marge Simpson said.
"Well then, good night!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Psst!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Shut up! I'll fix you!", Homer Simpson said.
"Mom, Dad! I'm playing on a dangerous cliff -- because you're too busy arguing to pay attention to me!" Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "To prove a point. Everyone thinks their Dad's a jerk and everyone's right. But when you get older, you realize how much you love 'em."
Homer Simpson said "This place is so great. When the trolley hits you, it doesn't even hurt."
Marge Simpson answered "Diamondelle?"
Bart Simpson responded "Of course."
"Moe, I think we'd both be a lot happier if we quit our new jobs." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Eat lead, Einstein!"
Marge Simpson answered: "Dim the lights."
Moe Szyslak responded: "Try this."
Bart Simpson said: "I want yours!"
Homer Simpson replied "Dammit!"
"Kids, we're taking some shredded lettuce, pre-sliced cheese, and cold cuts and turning them into the American dream.", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "Thanks Dad, that means a lot to me."
"Oh, thank you, Shoppie. I... I ventured in to search for milk when the door snapped shut behind me.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "Homer! Where are you?"
Homer Simpson responded "Die!"
"I just get to keep whatever's in the guy's wallet." Homer Simpson answered.
"Ow! Ow!", Ned Flanders answered.
Homer Simpson: "All right, let's see what we've got here."
"Fish out of water!", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "No."
"Oh, I certainly do." Homer Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner responded "One thing -- what if there's a woman we both like?"
"The border, eh? Then I'd better sand off my fingerprints." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Uh, no I'll pass. Hey, what's this?"
Marge Simpson replied "Bart!!!"
"Rainbows... tank tops... empowerment... This is the Gay Pride Parade! Woo hoo!" Homer Simpson replied.
"That's where all the problems are!", Homer Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak replied: "About everything, dammit! Hey, Homer, wait up! I wanna die too!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Hmmm."
Homer Simpson: "Lord, you got a first-class destination resort here. Really top notch. But I can't enjoy myself knowing my family is suffering."
"Oh, the planet. I adore the planet. And do you know my favorite part of the planet? Gravity!", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"What am I supposed to tell our children?" Seymour Skinner answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "I just wanted to see him cluck like a chicken."
Marge Simpson: "Homie, there's someone here to see you."
Homer Simpson said "Ouch! I sat on something sharp!"
Homer Simpson said "It tells you how you can get popular."
Bart Simpson responded: "Eep."
"Okay Stonehenge, let's see how good you are at eavesdroppin' without a throat!" Moe Szyslak said.
"Hey, it's a Teddy bear!", Bart Simpson responded.
"You'd kneel before me." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Mom, Dad, there's something I have to do. You're not gonna like it, but I really believe it's the right thing." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Well, then maybe I will."
"Don't feel bad, Doc. I won't even let my Mom clip my toenails.", Bart Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner responded: "I-I-I-I-I..."
"Nice try, Dad." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Come on dude, this party rocks! Love the temporary tattoo station!" Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "Keith Olbermann?!"
"That's because there were seven apostles.", Homer Simpson said.
"Bart? Lisa?" Marge Simpson replied.
"All right, I raise a quarter.", Moe Szyslak replied.
Ned Flanders responded "Neither canonical nor comical."
"I get a whiff of the immigrant from these newfangled superheroes." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"After I catch my breath... can we... go... home?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Honey... on a non-stone fruit-related topic, I booked us a couples massage.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Gee, Dad's a hero.", Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "But that trivializes the whole idea of kids news. I mean, let's be honest. Bart's not exactly the brightest penny in the fountain."
Homer Simpson said "Something's wrong with Bart. He's acting weird."
Bart Simpson: "All right! We eat tonight!"
Homer Simpson answered "Isotoooopes! Wooo!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "And we should all be thankful to Michael, Peter and Mike for supplying this beautiful turkey, made entirely of tofu."
"Whew!" Homer Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak replied: "Well, if Mr. X were here right now, I'd buy him a tall frosty."
"But Mom said not to!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"So how about you, Barn? One wish?" Moe Szyslak answered.
Homer Simpson responded "The only golf we'll watch is ladies' golf, and we're not watching that. Now in three... two... one..."
Lisa Simpson responded "Poor Ralph."
Moe Szyslak: "Who's this Burns guy? Somebody you work with?"
Moe Szyslak responded "How can you judge this man, without talking to the people who know him best. We got the real dirt on Homer Simpson, and the biddin' starts at ten G's."
"Do not. That's ridiculous-- It's just-- It's that-- He's-- He's a rebel and only I can change him!", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "How do you know about it?"
Bart Simpson replied "But it's only 7 o'clock."
Homer Simpson: "Wowww, that must be worth a fortune."
Lisa Simpson: "Oh, Bart, it's human nature. You only want her because someone else has her."
"Here's your breakfast.", Marge Simpson answered.
"See, when you don't use Milhouse, it's hard. I love this kid.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Homer! I can't believe you're partaking with my parents!" Ned Flanders answered.
"Oh heya Midge, uh, here we are again, huh? And, uh, here. My new card.", Moe Szyslak said.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Oh, Bart."
"Okay. I wonder why stories of degradation and humiliation make you more popular." Homer Simpson responded.
"The rich are different from you and me." Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "Thanks for everything, Kyle."
"Ooo, that's quite a hug, honey..." Homer Simpson responded.
"Why are you telling me all these things?", Marge Simpson said.
"I'm not saying it won't work. I'm just saying it's dishonest.", Marge Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders answered "Homer, is this true?"
"Thank you, Superdude.", Seymour Skinner said.
"I'll kill you, you bloated museum of treachery.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"What do you think?", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Jimmy Stewart as a puppet is just wrong."
"Well, it's more than you did!", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "But scaring kids is good for them. It hardens them against future terrors -- like roofing and driveway scams."
"It was people. People soiled our green!" Ned Flanders answered.
"Those Shelbyville kids think they're so hot. But you know what? They're not." Bart Simpson answered.
"I was in so deep, I forgot pies were food.", Homer Simpson said.
"And he tried to murder me." Bart Simpson answered.
"I'm sorry I made you feel bad, honey. But I'm gonna show you just how much I care about your feelings. One adult and one baby, please.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "Whose phone is this?"
Marge Simpson said "Ahh, my teapots are ready."
Bart Simpson responded "It's the World Series of Kickball... Bart Simpson on the mound. The catcher gives him the signal...and here's the pitch!"
Bart Simpson: "Yes, ma'am."
"The joeys go in feet first!" Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "Dad, why are you singing?"
Bart Simpson responded: "I'm saved! I love being a S-s-s-simpson!"
Marge Simpson responded "Anyhoo... one night we had a special dinner."
Bart Simpson said: "Doctors Without Borders, you're now doctors without faces!"
"If he could go back to being happy, I could go back to being cool." Bart Simpson responded.
"Marge, you were an excellent peace-time Chief. But these times call for men of cruelty.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "What is it, Rudy?"
"Forty-nine thousand nine hundred and ninety-nine... fifty thousand!" Homer Simpson responded.
"So anyway we get in our car and take the bridge out of town, while all the while they're still going, doo-dee-doo-do-doo...", Homer Simpson said.
"That's tough but fair. Boy, go with the man." Homer Simpson said.
"Mostly no." Homer Simpson said.
"That was you!" Marge Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Oh, I have. I have! I swear I'll never wear any clothing made from an animal that can do an amusing trick!"
"You don't love me. The only thing you love is your ear, nose and throat pavilion.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Nobody's a warthog.", Marge Simpson said.
"Yep! Hee, hee. Read 'em and weep." Homer Simpson said.
"Mm-hm." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "I get it, Lisa. I finally get it."
Moe Szyslak said "You'll never know what you missed out on!"
Homer Simpson responded "Kids gone?"
Moe Szyslak answered: "Yeah, well listen, lady. I've got so many problems, I.... I don't even know where to begin here."
Homer Simpson answered: "Woo hoo!"
"That is so sweet.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Fire! What do I do? What do I do? Oh, the song! The song! WHEN A FIRE STARTS TO BURN / THERE'S A LESSON YOU MUST LEARN / SOMETHING... SOMETHING, THEN YOU'LL SEE/YOU'LL AVOID CATASTROPHE!"
Marge Simpson answered "I don't know..."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Well, I really liked that story. But it still doesn't fix this."
Homer Simpson answered "Good, good, I'm learning."
"Interesting. With no obvious motive, no one would suspect us.", Lisa Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner answered "Superintendent Chalmers!"
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Let's have the next child."
"So are we going to the lake or what?", Bart Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Well, if a couple of Chinese bamboo gobblers can win people's hearts, I'm gonna bring them something that man has searched for since the dawn of time."
Homer Simpson said "Didja hear that, Pengy? Forty dollars!"
Homer Simpson replied "Well, my family wants to move back to Springfield."
Homer Simpson replied "But you've got me. Who have I got?"
"Me too.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "She complains now, but when we go to pick her up, she won't want to leave."
"Woo hoo! Yeah! Krust-ee!", Bart Simpson replied.
"That's not you. They just painted Shrek yellow.", Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "You could wash this iceberg lettuce."
Bart Simpson answered "Maybe we should just watch TV."
"Nelson.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Isabel!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Come back here, you stinkin' -- Hey, I wonder how much air is in here.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"Now remember, criminals prey on small-town folk like us. So if anyone asks, we're sophisticated millionaires from the Ozarks." Homer Simpson replied.
"Well... Stuart, I'm making a dessert that looks like a hot dog, but it isn't.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh TiVo remote, you've changed my life." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Yes."
Homer Simpson answered "Oh, come on. You've been gunning for queen bee ever since you buzzed into this hive. Now serve!"
"A box? No way!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Thank God your son can't see the way you're behaving.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Homer, I can't help wondering where you're getting the money from?", Marge Simpson answered.
"I don't need a new Ralph, I like the old one. Happy Valentine's Day!" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Hey, check it out, I'm Scratcher or something."
Marge Simpson: "Excuse me, Mrs. Toot, I need to talk to you mother to mother."
"Nothing." Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, honey, you can hardly see your new braces.", Marge Simpson responded.
"A thousand bucks. Of all the rip-off -- screw job -- gyp joint... forget you, pal! Thanks for nothing!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, Marge. I thought I had an appetite for destruction, but all I wanted was a club sandwich.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Woo hoo!"
Lisa Simpson said: "Principal Skinner, I didn't know you knew so much about film."
"Behold, children. The majesty of Springfield Glacier! Crane your necks skyward to behold its icy glory." Seymour Skinner responded.
"Uh-huh. Okay, we'll be back with help before you know it. You girls just stay here and relax." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Flanders has cooties, Flanders has cooties."
"You like sweets, kids? I know a place that's sweeter than sweetness itself. In this sweet place, earthly donuts are sour as poison. You'd spit them out! You would! I'm talking about the Candy Industry Trade Show. ." Homer Simpson replied.
"Does this mean you still want to be friends? Even though I tried to cover up my nerdish... leanings?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Welcome to Dick Cheney's America.", Seymour Skinner replied.
Marge Simpson answered "I'm over here!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "That baby's head."
"Oh, my God! This is the worst Halloween horror we've ever faced.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "Maggie!"
"Space coyote?", Marge Simpson responded.
"Hey, what the hell are ya doin', ya little freak --!", Moe Szyslak answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "I'll prove I'm not crazy. Sideshow Bob could never resist singing along to a Gilbert and Sullivan operetta."
Marge Simpson said: "Hm... needs more goat soul."
Homer Simpson: "That lying , rail-splitting , theater-going freak!"
"Look, lady, we've seen the Crappy Little Elves about fourteen billion times. Maybe we can watch some real TV.", Bart Simpson responded.
"This better be good." Bart Simpson answered.
"Uh, I must warn you, um, uh, sometimes ordinary people g-g-get a surge of uh- adrenaline. Wee-aah!" Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "She should be back now. It's dinner time."
Homer Simpson replied: "Tell me about it."
"Look at those suckers in their metal coffins. I can go to work any way I want." Homer Simpson replied.
"Whoop-de-doo, Tarantula Town!" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Homer Simpson: "Yes, I do."
Lisa Simpson responded "Look, we can go inside!"
Marge Simpson responded: "You can't let this go without using it as a chance to improve your fathering."
"Homer!", Moe Szyslak replied.
Ned Flanders: "Looks like slim pickin's today, Reverend."
Moe Szyslak: "No, you can still turn back! The point of no return is the whispered huddle."
Homer Simpson responded "Yeah, he helped me blast through the burn and ride the zone."
"He was my best friend." Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns said "I'm choking it down. Isn't that thanks enough?"
Bart Simpson replied: "Otto! You okay?"
Homer Simpson said: "You what?"
"Nonsense, Marge! Frosty Krusty Flakes are what got him where he is today." Homer Simpson replied.
"I could do a lotta things if I had some money.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Whoa!"
Homer Simpson said "A library selling books? If I don't want 'em for free, why would I want to pay for 'em?"
Marge Simpson said: "Homie, wake up! I rented that negligee you like."
"Diabolicus abominabolis...", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "Isn't this that cartoon that causes seizures?"
"Ow! That had a guide pin in it." Bart Simpson replied.
"Homer! No!", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "This truly is Hell!"
Marge Simpson answered: "Hey, she's gonna smash the angel!"
"I miss you so much.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "An hour later, a number of passengers equal to half the number of minutes past the hour get off, but three times as many plus six get on."
Lisa Simpson answered "She's really hungry."
"A c... a coffin!", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "This has been such a nice, peaceful dinner, it calls for a celebration. I'm going to make the most international coffee in the house, Montreal Morn."
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "You will."
"...man I ever met!", Ned Flanders answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Well, that's the last we'll see of them. Come on, we're goin' to Moe's."
"Well, I'm back where I belong, eh?" Moe Szyslak answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "We've got to do something."
Marge Simpson responded: "Homer, where have you been? I was so worried."
Bart Simpson said "Dadgummit! Do you think she still likes me?"
"Oh, no!", Marge Simpson replied.
"Now, I'm sure yesterday's incident of urination domination was a one-time deal. But just to make sure..." Homer Simpson said.
"This is a crowbar!" Moe Szyslak replied.
"I just got a message from Maggie in my brain.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Well uh, we did kinda yell at him... and sent him to his room... and tried to force him to apologize to his sister.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Seventy-two lousy events, and Grampa hasn't won a single medal."
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Pish tush! Wayne, as a reward for your valiant fisticuffery, I hereby award you the Springfield Nuclear Plant Silver Safety Hat!"
"All right, this is it, Carl's family home. Twenty-two...", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "All right, I can see this is all up to me."
"Are you sure this'll work?", Bart Simpson responded.
"But we can't accept that money. It's tainted." Lisa Simpson said.
"Whoa-ho-ho! Texas snowball fight!" Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Listen to your sister, boy."
"I know when the freakin' Fiesta Bowl is!" Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "Hee-Haw Ho?"
Lisa Simpson answered "Yeah, but he's a wanted killer in our community!"
Lisa Simpson said "Oh, Miss Hoover, movies are a nice break, but couldn't we be doing something a little more challenging?"
Bart Simpson responded "Hey, the only thing I bring home are notes to my parents, and those do not arrive the way that they left."
"No, Marge... no! You can't invite a couple of Riddlers to stay in the Bat Cave!", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "Hey, wait up!"
"Is it also the last step?", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "You know, you were a lot more adventurous at the dessert table."
"Sure, here you go." Bart Simpson answered.
"I wish they could all be Bart's People, Mom. I truly do.", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh, I don't think they'll be gone long and she's in good hands, Lisa."
"I guess you mean President Clinton. He usually hangs around Washington, D.C." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "Yo!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "...As the circulation returns, the subject prepares for a long and painful recovery."
Homer Simpson said "Make it two kajillion."
"We toil in the fields and he rides around in a Rolls Royce?" Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Stop that! The fire inspector would be appalled."
"Yeah, I agree. You wanna start on trying to get Apu out of jail?", Bart Simpson responded.
"I'd also like to add as I gaze upon your beauty, I've never seen an angel fly so low.", Bart Simpson responded.
"What?!" Marge Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner responded: "Okay, that's exactly one moment. It-- Oh my God, he's getting away!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Heh-heh. Scaredy-cat..."
"Sounds like you need some first aid." Marge Simpson said.
"You could make a great chef someday." Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Judging from your song, you're infatuated with a woman named Mindy... or a man named Andy."
Homer Simpson: "Why didn't I stop with the snake wine? Why did I drink the fish wine?"
"Here's your hot chocolate." Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "Stop remembering TV and get back to work."
"I'm gonna have my next birthday party on this thing.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Gulp.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "Oh, that's it. You are going down."
Bart Simpson replied: "But Milhouse, being a star is every patriotic American's dream."
Homer Simpson answered "Well, that's nothing, because you have a gambling problem! And remember when I let that escaped lunatic in the house 'cause he was dressed like Santa Claus?"
Bart Simpson answered: "No. No. No. No. My God, what passes for a wine list these days. Marco, just bring us your freshest bottle of wine. Chop. Chop."
Marge Simpson said: "Backed up by solar power."
Bart Simpson answered: "Oh man, now they won't let Krusty do anything fun."
"Homer, that was for the dog." Marge Simpson answered.
"What man would want this now?!" Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "We don't have any money! Go away! May I de-corn your cob, my darling?"
Homer Simpson responded "Bwah! Bwah! Bwaaaaah!"
"Mom, you said we were going to a videogame expo!", Bart Simpson said.
"Ready, Milhouse?", Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Oh, jacks. Jacks are big. They went out for a while, but then they came roaring back."
Marge Simpson said "I'm auditioning for a play."
"Woo hoo!" Homer Simpson responded.
"No, the bees!", Moe Szyslak said.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "I'm afraid your daily donuts are no more."
Homer Simpson replied "You're hovering over a hydrant!"
"Okay.", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded "No, no, no! Not tonight! No vulgarity, no mischief, no politics. Just be good."
"Oh no. Wait... maybe I didn't do it right." Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, my God! We've made a terrible mistake. This tunnel comes out in the worst possible place." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Boy, you're back!", Bart Simpson replied.
"Now, this is a picture of your enemy, Todd Flanders. Every day I want you to spend fifteen minutes staring at it and concentrating on how much you hate him and how glorious it will be when you and Charlene annihilate him.", Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "No. You see, friends... if our anti-nuclear naysayers and choose-up-siders were to come upon an elephant frolicking in the waters next to our nuclear power plant, they'd probably blame his ridiculous nose on the nuclear bogeyman."
Marge Simpson answered "But there weren't Four Musketeers..."
Homer Simpson answered: "But I need my childhood friends to help me keep it real. Would you have me keep it fake?"
Bart Simpson answered "I'd like a moment to ourselves."
"Marge, will you let me finish? ...Plug-in room deodorizers, front and rear spoilers for the car --" Homer Simpson said.
"Oh no!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "But how can we learn to read ancient Icelandic?"
Marge Simpson answered "For me, huh? What took you so long?"
Bart Simpson said "Hey, how come I get lice and nothing happens to Milhouse?"
"May I interest you in a Jello brick, Sir? There's a grape in the center." Seymour Skinner said.
Bart Simpson replied: "The prostitute with a heart of gold."
Homer Simpson answered "You know who would really like this place? Bart. Wait a minute... where the hell is Bart?"
"Hold your horses. I was up all night fishing out the drawstring from your father's swimsuit.", Marge Simpson answered.
"I always say, a boy can learn more at an airport than he can at any school." Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner said "Excellent! Free play cancelled!"
"I could just wear gloves. Nah, they're upstairs.", Homer Simpson responded.
"George Cauldron? Maybe he can fix me up with Ed Ladle." Lisa Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "I can, I shall and in the future I will have done. I cannot be stopped!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Uh listen... can I leave a little early tomorrow? My kid has a thing."
"I want to stay here with Mr. Burns.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Oh, yes, doctor."
"Edna!", Seymour Skinner said.
Marge Simpson responded: "Talk to me."
"Sure am!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"No! No! Get off me!" Marge Simpson said.
"You know Marge, we're great parents!", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "Get him outta here!"
Bart Simpson: "Mustache comb. What'd you get?"
"Now this is spoiling them." Marge Simpson answered.
"I can't wait to see Grampa kick some ass! He's always pretended to be boring, but he's really a straight-up psycho!" Bart Simpson responded.
"Lisa, Mom. I'm Lisa.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "Which meant that at long last, my brother could get a good night's sleep."
Bart Simpson responded: "The jerk in the glasses did everything!"
Marge Simpson responded: "A mixer? I don't know -- I am still technically married..."
Lisa Simpson responded "Why aren't there any pictures of Maggie?"
"Why can't you just admit we're lost?" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "I could ask you the very same question."
"The world is my ring now.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Yeah, I..."
"Dear Lisa, you make me so happy... really, really, really happy. Sorry, he told me I needed a hundred and forty-four letters. What was my point again? Oh right. Bouvier or Simpson, I cherish you." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "You'll pay for this, my Queen."
Homer Simpson said: "Moe, you've won. I'll see you at baggage claim."
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "We'll have you out of there as soon as our tech boys get you decontaminated."
Marge Simpson replied: "And these musical garment bags aren't bad either."
Marge Simpson answered: "Bravo, Pierce!"
"Why you little...", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "Ohmigod, Bart, look!"
"It was the first day of summer...", Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Stuck-up Riverdale punks. Think they're too good for me."
Moe Szyslak: "Uh, let me check the lost and found."
Homer Simpson answered "Max Power doesn't abbreviate. Each letter is as important as the one that preceded it. Maybe more important. No, as important."
"Kaboom.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "No problem. Why don't you go inside and stir your flubber while I get to work."
Seymour Skinner responded "No, no, it's all wrong. The shapely female form has no place in art."
"Amen!", Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "What are you doing to save my baby boy?"
"I just want to know who dropped the dime on Dad. Lousy rat.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Come and get me, you syrupy stack of man-cakes.", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "Look what my Dad just built for me!"
Lisa Simpson replied "Hey look! The new Ovenfresh flour bag!"
"The students will do anything she says. She's captured their imagination like a bright piece of construction paper.", Seymour Skinner answered.
"You have to cheat.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Principal Skinner, I need to convince Nelson to come back to school." Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded "I've gotta call Homer."
Homer Simpson said "Oh, I guess it wouldn't be right to sell Stampy after he saved my life. And, the boy seems to have some sort of relationship with him."
Homer Simpson answered: "Yeah, quit stalling, Marge. We want our reward."
Homer Simpson replied: "Okay."
"No. This is a trap. It's going to catch us our dinner. Come on, boy.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Yeah, he's done."
"Mother, we must protect him. Look, he's praying." Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "Hey, the burglar left his calling card."
Homer Simpson: "I'd like to buy your deadliest gun, please."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Agreed."
"No!", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "Okay. It all started Sunday morning..."
"That's the prize?! A banana?" Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied "Free Tibet!"
"Uh, I'd like to, but I'm afraid he has diplomatic immunity.", Seymour Skinner replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop! Whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop!"
"There she is!", Bart Simpson answered.
"What happened to the guards?! Okay, okay. Don't panic. Maybe they'll tire themselves out with their chant." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "Right on, Dad!"
Lisa Simpson responded "Just think what that game could do for Grampa and his friends!"
"Hey, that judge thought I rocked. Case closed! Although my case is still open." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Brilliant! I have absolutely no idea what's going on."
Bart Simpson replied: "You are."
Homer Simpson replied: "Uh, Mr. Smithers, do you have change for a dollar?"
"Ooh, Ice Creamville.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "What's going on?"
"You're next, Chester A. Arthur!", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "If I said no the first time, what makes you think I'm gonna say yes the second time?"
Homer Simpson responded "Hey, I know you. We were in the same pyramid scheme."
"He's not! He thought he was better than the laws of probability. Anyone else think he's better than the laws of probability?", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Burkina Faso? Disputed Zone? Who called all these weird places?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Then they brought us home..."
"But I gotta spit...", Bart Simpson responded.
"You know what I think of this contract?", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "Wait, Chief. I must know... who tipped you off?"
Homer Simpson: "Max told you about me?"
"Yeah. We're like family to you. I'm talking to you, headphone-bus driver guy.", Homer Simpson answered.
"There's a ship! We're saved!" Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "But why do all your bedtime stories have commercials in them for the container store?"
"I thought they only paid fifty dollars a trip." Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "Because your father has a big surprise for you!"
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Oh, hot dog! Say...how would you like to work for me?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Pew, well, I dodged a bullet."
Marge Simpson replied: "Yes, we'll go to the darn lake! Now go back to bed. It's four A.M.!"
Marge Simpson replied "Homer, we talked about cable before. Do you really think we can afford it?"
Marge Simpson responded: "LOVE LOVE WILL KEEP US TOGETHER"
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Hence I trailed you on your quest, accompanied by my faithful albino."
"Oh Homie! Homie, I'm so sorry I doubted you!" Marge Simpson replied.
"I know you're upset --" Marge Simpson responded.
"Dad? Dad?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "I missed my flight so I got in a van...with some eco-friendly activists. They wanted gas, grass or ass and brother, I had the ass."
Homer Simpson responded "Oh yeah. She's been gray as a mule since she was seventeen."
"Waldo. Waldo. Waldo." Homer Simpson replied.
"Why do you keep talking that way?!", Homer Simpson said.
"Bart, where are you?!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "I AM THE CHAMPIONS / I AM THE CHAMPIONS / NO TIME FOR LOSERS / CAUSE I AM THE CHAMPIONS / OF THE WORLLLLD!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Yeah, but uh-- One of those I dialed nine-one-one by mistake, but I was too embarrassed to admit it, so I set the house on fire. It feels good to tell the truth. No, I'm lying again, it feels bad."
Homer Simpson said "I'm trying to be a sensitive father, you unwanted moron! Lisa, where were we?"
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Dream on, bitch."
"Sweetie... did you ever think of doing something a little more creative with your time?", Marge Simpson said.
"Now you be careful with Bart's undies." Marge Simpson said.
"CAUTION: Exit through door seven only. All other rooms contain man-eating tigers.", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "Like what? They'll do something with you that they hate?"
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "And now I'd like to introduce the new members of our happy power plant family. Our new security guard... Roger Clemens..."
Marge Simpson said "It's almost as if he's killing from beyond the grave."
Marge Simpson said "Not the swear jar! It's the only thing holding back the filth!"
Seymour Skinner replied "Ah, a peaceful Saturday afternoon, with no Bart Simpson -- and no Milhouse, for that matter. Nothing on my agenda but to sit here and watch hummingbirds."
"Lisa, I only lied because it was the easiest way to get what I wanted.", Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "Aww."
"What is so funny? They're destroying the world!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "The Krusty I know didn't get where he is by givin' up."
"That can't be true, honey. If it were, I'd be terrified." Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Haven't you won the war yet?"
Marge Simpson said: "I sent you to the store to get applesauce for Maggie two hours ago!"
Homer Simpson replied "Because I'm successfully married."
Lisa Simpson said: "Bart, leave Simpson alone."
Homer Simpson replied "Why do people keep moving it... stupid..."
"Nooo!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Anyway, Marge. Uh, how do you feel about the economy?"
Homer Simpson: "Maybe."
Marge Simpson replied: "Okay, but don't dawdle. Your food will get cold."
"Please, at least try the tennis game." Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded "I'm not throwing a spelling bee! I'll die before I misspell."
"No matter what I do, Marge yells at me. If she's like this now, what will she be like after we get married?" Homer Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders replied: "Homer, when am I gettin' my power drill back?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, Sideshow Bob."
Homer Simpson responded "Konichi-wa."
Ned Flanders said: "My rumpus room with the new bumper pool table."
"Call me when you're old enough for your bat mitzvah. I'll bring you an envelope full of nothin'.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Okay, Ms. Krabappel, what made you topple?" Ned Flanders responded.
"You couldn't be more wrong, Lisa. If I didn't have this gun, the King of England could just walk in here any time he wants and start shoving you around. Do you want that? Huh? Do you?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Who's out there? Give me your names so I can tell the police!", Seymour Skinner answered.
"Not so fast!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Let me wash it off."
"You can do better!" Marge Simpson answered.
"C'mon, Maude. The human wang is a beautiful thing.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh no! No! I... was uh... just thinking how cheap this crime would have been in the seventies when gas was thirty-five cents a gallon." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "Stop clapping!"
Marge Simpson replied: "But it's a few seconds before 12:00."
Marge Simpson answered: "The cure to any man's problems is a good relationship."
"Well now, children, here we are, open your primers to page 32." Seymour Skinner replied.
C. Montgomery Burns: "Oh. It's the twenty-third door on the left."
Homer Simpson said: "Ooh, who's a good dog? What a goody doggie! Oh what dee de bobo! Echee chee googie!"
Marge Simpson said: "We went fishing."
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, yeah. Let's take it."
Lisa Simpson answered: "What should I do?"
Marge Simpson said: "I think it's a very nice idea. Don't you, Homer?"
Bart Simpson answered: "Anything's better than that dump we came from."
Marge Simpson: "Can't complain."
"There's nothing that makes a mother's heart soar more than seeing her child take wing. Look at me, I'm glowing!" Marge Simpson replied.
"Dad! I found what you're looking for!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Really? How romantic?" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Absolutely. Now the only antidote to a zany scheme is an even zanier scheme."
Bart Simpson answered: "UH-PLEE-EE-EE-EEASE / SETTLE FOR SEYMOUR / SO PLEE-EE-EE-EEASE COME BACK TO THE DORK"
"To the panic room!" Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "But Rod picked his Dad. It's a matter of family honor."
"Mr. Burns, this is Homer J. Simpson, the father of the big quitter. Well, I just wanted to tell you I'm a big quitter, too, and I quit!" Homer Simpson said.
"Just a sec. Hey, is there a Butts here? Seymour Butts? Hey, everybody. I wanna Seymour Butts!", Moe Szyslak answered.
Seymour Skinner replied: "Then why were we going apple picking?"
C. Montgomery Burns: "Bobo I know I say this every century, but I'll never leave you behind again."
Ned Flanders replied: "Well, sir, our good Lord, and my boys are all I've really got. All Edna left me was wonderful memories and some ungraded papers, which I'm still working my way through."
"It's okay, Homie. You're probably just tired from not doing anything all day." Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "True beauty isn't about hair color?"
"I'm warning you two!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Wow, honey, you sold a house and got rid of the Flanders. What's for dinner?" Homer Simpson said.
"I think I'll need you back at headquarters manning the phones.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Yes he does. He's on his way and when he gets here, we'll have ever so much fun! You'll see!"
Marge Simpson replied: "Mm-hmm... and swivel that till you hear a grinding noise..."
Homer Simpson responded: "But please Marge, don't drive into that chasm!"
Lisa Simpson replied "NO FAIR!"
"Living history." Seymour Skinner replied.
"What about your family?", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Get away from me.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "I'm sorry I missed dinner, honey. We still have time to catch a movie. That can be romantic."
"The Giant's Causeway is the result of a volcanic eruption. Well kids, isn't that an informational fact? Kids?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Willie, we've got rats chewing through the wiring again!" Seymour Skinner replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Yeah, you're the number one speller in this car or in that car or in that car or, don't look at that car."
Marge Simpson said "Oh, no, no. Homer is my... ball's name. I'm Marge."
"Oh, I want trouble all right." Homer Simpson said.
"What?", Marge Simpson answered.
"I finally caught one of Bart's school plays." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "One of the stills --"
"Mom, this was made in 1967. They're probably out of business." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Your change, sir." Moe Szyslak said.
"Stupor Pooper." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "I don't want a new dog. I want Santa's Little Helper."
Lisa Simpson answered "You don't open the top -- the locks are real."
"Just let me put some film in the camera, and then we'll hop in the car. You can get a picture of your Mommy with a mummy." Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "And these fake movie reviews are so mean, it's hilarious."
"I have some adjustments to make." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "That's fine for you, Marge. But I used to rock and roll all night and party ev-a-ry day. Then it was every other day. Now I'm lucky if I can find half an hour a week in which to get funky. I've got to get out of this rut and back into the groove!"
Bart Simpson: "Yeah!"
Marge Simpson: "...because you let me down."
"I can make a bike. I made you.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Now that you're all relaxed... Most of us here were born in America. We take this country for granted. But not immigrants like Apu. While the rest of us are drinking ourselves stupid, they're driving the cabs that get us home safely..."
"Oh yeah?! You're going to that camp, 'cause I'm gonna drive you there." Homer Simpson responded.
"Look, it's Reverend Lovejoy!", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Nixon, Comet, Cupid... Donna Dixon.", Homer Simpson responded.
"And we'll stay up forever!" Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "My poor Homie. Couldn't you try some other far-out money-making scheme?"
Homer Simpson replied: "But to get that DVD I had to become a PBS subscriber! Now I'm paying for crap like American Masters!"
"Oh, can you sing it again?", Marge Simpson answered.
"I sure hope not." Bart Simpson replied.
"And for you, Ned?" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "And I have a card that can take us anywhere they go."
"You said a mouthful!", Bart Simpson answered.
"Okay, okay, think back to your training..." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Great show, people. Great show. Um... Not a big deal, but next time can we use real gravy instead of brown paint? Not a big deal."
Homer Simpson said "Did you guys see that stupid foul call in the game last night?"
"Wanna make out over the foul line?" Marge Simpson answered.
"Hey, that's cute.", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "That's a lot of pressure to put on a baby. All they should be worried about is the raspberry monster."
"Way to go, Dad!", Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said "I think you have to be more aggressive, sir."
"Turn the music off!", Bart Simpson answered.
"Fine. Good luck with your project, which I'm sure you haven't started yet." Lisa Simpson answered.
"...and then I ran right home to you." Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "Hello everybody. Sparkle sparkle."
"I don't understand. I could swear it was right here." Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "They're pigs?"
Bart Simpson: "Hey, Lisa's right. You're the only one who hasn't cried about the dog."
Bart Simpson replied "This is pretty tense, isn't it, Todd?"
Bart Simpson said "I know how you feel, Lis. No kid wants to outlive their pet."
"Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God. What if -- all the dads jammed together... in a dad band?!" Marge Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Oh yeah."
"You mean this hunka junk? This isn't art. Just a barbecue that pushed me over the edge. Didn't you? Didn't you?! You stupid so..." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "I dunno. Were you looking for me?"
Bart Simpson responded "Really."
Homer Simpson said "Honey, it's me again. I can't work knowing that you're mad at me. I just wanna hear your voice. And I'm counting the minutes till the whistle blows, then I go to Moe's, then I rush home to you."
"Sector Twelve?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Thanks, Mom.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"You look so glamorous, Mom! Oh, and you smell like vanilla flowers!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "I'se just jammin' with you."
"Homer Simpson, you devil! But I think we should unpack first..." Marge Simpson responded.
"Almost ready! Here we go.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Well, something did."
"I'm doing this for my family!", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "Glow sticks? But visual aids are against the rules!"
"Stop this madness. It's just a washcloth." Marge Simpson replied.
"Either that or Batman has really let himself go.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "If he marries your mother, Marge, we'll be brother and sister! And then our kids, they'll be horrible freaks with pink skin, no overbites, and five fingers on each hand!"
"Maybe we should get going.", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "I told you capital punishment isn't a deterrent."
"Oh, we'll be upstairs, in the bedroom making love... ly rope ladders in case there's a fire." Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson: "The elderly aren't like you or me, Bart. They thrive on consistency, predictability, and a life with no surprises."
Homer Simpson said: "Better man, comin' through... way-better-better, way-better-better zing!"
Bart Simpson responded "It finally happened -- you've gone completely fruit loops."
"Now this is living, eh, kids? Hot pizza... the food of kings." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Aren't we getting num-nums?"
"Well, I've got a confession to make. This right arm... it's not mine." Bart Simpson said.
"YOU CAN DANCE / YOU CAN DANCE / EVERYBODY LOOK AT YOUR PANTS." Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders responded "I don't want you watching my boys ever again!"
"If they get her in their warrens, we'll never see her again!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh, Dr. Hibbert. Enjoying the party?"
Homer Simpson replied: "You have a fun job, a skull ring and it's not Halloween... and your belt is a seatbelt..."
"All right.", Ned Flanders responded.
"Well, I'm glad you asked. It's actually a very interesting story.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Well, good. I'm coming home, honey. You can pick me up at the train station in an hour. And bring the kids. Bye!", Marge Simpson replied.
"Well I'm pretty sure it was in there somewhere.", Homer Simpson replied.
"But at dinner, the fortune cookie predicted doom.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Let's see: I need to get the baby, the dog, and the poison across the river, but I can only take one thing at a time. I can't leave the baby alone with the poison, and I can't leave the dog alone with the baby.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Success!"
"I know, I'll go to my room and think about what I did.", Bart Simpson responded.
"And I won fifty bucks!", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Oh man, Marge is pissed. Look at her... flaring her nostrils... drumming her fingers... making small noises like she's yelling at me inside her head..."
"Okay, folks. Get your angel glow sticks! No one gets into heaven without a glow stick!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Woo hoo!"
"I rest my case.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Higher, I say! I want to soar higher than any man has ever soared! I want to look down on the clouds with contempt! I want to sneer at God's creation and spit on his -- uh-oh.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "You don't even know your own wife's birthday?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Marge, I tried my best to talk you out of this. But since you're going through with it, I beg you, just stay out of his way and don't get hurt."
Homer Simpson answered: "Every time Mr. Burns has a birthday all his employees have to help out at the party. And I always get some terrible job."
Marge Simpson said "Maybe it needs more fertilizer."
"Don't you ever get tired of being wrong all the time?", Homer Simpson said.
"They fight and bite? I never go to Europe without learning something.", Homer Simpson answered.
"A blackout?! Every time Santa and I get together it's a disaster." Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Oh my God..."
"Present.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh, I'm afraid this might be the end."
"Just give me a ticket." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "This ends now!"
"Yeah. Let's go home, honey." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "Oh, look! There's the store where I buy my yarn. But you don't want to buy your buttons there."
Bart Simpson responded "You don't smoke a pipe."
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY LISA /", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Let's reschedule."
Bart Simpson replied "It's always about the Indians, isn't it, Lis?"
"The geyser's one of the most famous natural wonders in... Iceland. I guess that's where Carl's from.", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "Wow."
"Homie, isn't he beautiful?", Marge Simpson said.
"Oh Marge, that's in the past. Just let it go." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "What are you gonna do about it?"
Homer Simpson answered: "My hair! You chopped off my hair! Oh God I'm ugly!"
Marge Simpson: "But, how do I know I can trust you?"
"Want, want, want, want, want, want, want, want, want!" Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "I knew you'd come crawling back."
"This is boring. Can't we go home? This overpass smells like urine." Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "Hmmm, sure. Oh, dear. I can't. I've got three protest rallies tomorrow."
"I don't know... yes.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"The doctor said if you tried running again, your ankles would shatter." Marge Simpson replied.
"Ow!" Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "What a great opening episode. And I'm sure everything they said will pay off handsomely!"
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Oh, don't pooh-pooh a nickel, Lisa. A nickel will buy you a steak and kidney pie, a cup of coffee, a slice of cheesecake, and a newsreel! With enough change leftover to ride the trolley from Battery Park to the Polo Grounds."
"Sad, sad, sad, sad, sad, sad, sad, sad, sad, cute! This one..." Lisa Simpson said.
"Aww. Hi there, little fella." Homer Simpson said.
"You kids play nice up there!", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "Did you read the book?"
Marge Simpson replied: "It's the hospital."
"Shut up! Shut up! I'm a bad reader, okay?!" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Enjoy the outdoors you stupid kid!"
Bart Simpson responded "ON TOP OF SPAGHETTI... ALL COVERED WITH CHEESE... I LOST MY POOR MEATBALL..."
Lisa Simpson responded "That's a lot of anger, Grampa."
Bart Simpson: "So, your honor, if you're going to punish anyone in this courtroom today, I ask that you punish me."
"Well, at least she's not singing Streisand." Bart Simpson answered.
"Emily-Beth? We can't afford Emily-Beth! She brings her own puppets!", Homer Simpson replied.
"I...", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Friends are the only people you can betray! And you'd do it in a second for a supermarket that gives free coffee samples!"
Marge Simpson answered: "Artie, please!"
Bart Simpson replied "BASTARD / BASTARD, BASTARD!"
"Hey wait a minute, what the Hell is that?", Moe Szyslak responded.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "See you soon."
Homer Simpson replied "... Marge?"
"Wow, you don't even have to point it at him." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Great practice, guys. What do you say we give it another six hours then call it a day?"
Homer Simpson replied "Why you little..."
Homer Simpson said "Top of the mornin', ladies."
Seymour Skinner responded "Hi. Would you mind showing us video footage of your last concert?"
"Goodnight, moon.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"Um... this one?" Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "La, la, la..."
"Sure! You never forget. It's just like riding a bicycle." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "When will I learn? The answers to life's problems aren't at the bottom of a bottle. Heh-heh. They're on TV!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "Lucy?"
"We made it, son. International waters -- the land that law forgot.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "So, what did you children learn about today?"
"No, no, wait. Hear my plan. I put up with her for seven more years. Then, we'll get married. Once the first baby comes along, she's bound to settle down and start treatin' me right. After all, I deserve it.", Bart Simpson said.
"Marge, if I can't make you remember me, then I'll make you fall for me all over again." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "...so I threw the super ball so hard it hit the ceiling twice, then broke a lamp."
"I'M GONNA HAVE FORTY KEY CHAINS! / AND I DON'T EVEN HAVE FORTY KEYS! / SWAG!" Homer Simpson responded.
"I thought maybe you..." Homer Simpson responded.
"Leave him alone!", Marge Simpson answered.
"Yeah, give us a break, Doctor.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Dad!"
Marge Simpson responded "Bart? Honey, I think you should go play with Rod and Todd."
Homer Simpson replied: "And I'd like to thank Low Ball Construction for building this amazing wall... From ninety percent recycled materials."
"I sent in an application for you. I couldn't find a big enough photo, so I sent in that funny drawing of you on roller skates." Homer Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak replied: "Now I'm thinkin' about ping-pong... a very fast chess game... a snappy David Mamet play..."
Moe Szyslak responded "You know, they say that the love of a good woman can save any man."
"Yes way!" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "You were given six weeks to live. And you've outlived it! I think what kept you alive was that for once in your life you were helping other people."
Moe Szyslak answered "An eighty-five yard field goal? You gotta be kidding me! Refresh! Refresh!"
"Yeah. Luckily, Alfalfa was an orphan owned by the studio.", Moe Szyslak replied.
Marge Simpson said "Why are you sitting like that? What are you hiding this time?"
"I can't wait to do some shopping -- Look at all these innovative products. Miracle Shears...", Marge Simpson said.
"All right, I'll go! You don't have to be a jerk about it." Lisa Simpson said.
"Assistant? Well, I have been pretty overworked lately." Homer Simpson responded.
"What'sa matter, Homer and Bart?", Moe Szyslak said.
"Woo-hoo! I got that one right too!", Homer Simpson said.
"You ever notice that pizzas have gotten so small lately?", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Seymour! The cops are on their way!"
Marge Simpson said: "Well, it certainly was nice of you to accept Bart in the middle of the semester."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Just take one of my geodes. The rocks on my desk."
"Just vote! It's your duty as a citizen of TV.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "You do."
Bart Simpson answered "I don't mean to be bad. I don't know why I do the things I do."
"If you say it like Dracula I will.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Look, find it, buy it, make it, I don't care. Just get me some booze, and fast!" Moe Szyslak replied.
"Mm-hm, I'm workin' on that.", Ned Flanders responded.
"What kind of an airline routes all their flights through Nome, Alaska?", Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, earrings! Wow, thank you so much, Alex. But these are for pierced ears.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak said: "Oh, God. You smokers disgust me. Hey 'Pu, you got a breakfast cereal for people with syphilis?"
Homer Simpson answered "DO, DO, DO DO / DO, DOOO..."
"One Thousand and One Vulgar Marching Band Formations." Seymour Skinner responded.
"No office talk. I'm floating down the Ganges with my new chums.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Lisa, we did the best we could... What's a zebu?" Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered "I denounce thee! I denounce thee! I denounce thee!"
"Ow!" Bart Simpson responded.
"I got my problems, Moe. Give me another one.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Diggin'."
Marge Simpson responded: "You know, I rented another tape... in case you felt better."
Ned Flanders answered "He's right. Can't we all get together and concentrate on our real enemies: monogamous gays and stem cells?"
"One whistle!" Seymour Skinner answered.
Homer Simpson said: "But Marge..."
"Would you like to join us?", Marge Simpson responded.
"Who could that be...?" Marge Simpson answered.
"Ruth, that's a lot of hooey. It's not over until it's over.", Marge Simpson said.
"I'llgetit." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Does the chair go back like this?"
Marge Simpson: "Well, why don't we celebrate by going to a movie?"
Homer Simpson said "I'll tell you what she didn't want -- me to be a jerk to her and then she dies."
"Wha-wha-what's the score?!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Dough, sauce, cheese, topping." Homer Simpson responded.
"Yeah. Whatever.", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "Kids, I won't be home tonight, So I'm leaving you some low-cal microwavable TV dinners."
"This is so romantic." Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "It's not up to you. We're going to take him to our moral and civic leaders. They'll know the right thing to do."
Homer Simpson answered "I am invincible! Invincible!"
"As usual. A knife-wielding maniac has shown us the way." Bart Simpson said.
"Dad! Those jet skiers are headed right for a herd of manatees!" Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "Military school?! You lied to me!"
Bart Simpson replied: "Hey, no one with a choice should ever have to be a girl. I'll teach you how to be a boy."
"Of course you do. You can lift my wiper any day.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Marge Simpson responded "Wow, a woman mud-pull driver."
Homer Simpson: "So far so good."
"Woo hoo! No pressure!" Homer Simpson answered.
"This campus is so lush and verdant.", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "This fat camp can save Bart's life -- we have to find a way to pay for it. Homer, maybe you could ask Mr. Burns for a raise."
Bart Simpson said: "Gimme! I want more!"
"That song is a pop music footnote! I didn't say stop!" Homer Simpson replied.
"He can make you laugh with no more than a frantic flailing of his limbs." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Well, I'm glad they suspended Milhouse. He's a bad influence on you." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "I came to stop you from murdering Lisa like you murdered your wife."
"Miss Midler, I can't believe you do this all by yourself." Lisa Simpson answered.
"A+? You don't think much of me, do you boy?", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "I'd like to see you try."
Homer Simpson said: "How did you ever run this place? You've gotta turn away your family, fire your friends, work until the wee hours of the afternoon..."
Bart Simpson replied: "No!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Marge, there's something I want to ask you. But I'm afraid, because if you say no it'll destroy me and make me a criminal."
"I can't believe Nelson is more popular than me." Lisa Simpson responded.
"What's that supposed to mean?", Marge Simpson replied.
"No! I wanna go to jail! Free food! Teardrop tattoos! Library books that come to youuu!", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Can I go with you to get the treasure? I won't eat much and I don't know the difference between right and wrong."
"Okay, okay... don't panic. Release the mongoose!" Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "I'm not convinced."
"Uh, normal wear and tear." Homer Simpson answered.
"We're going out, Marge. If we don't come back, avenge our deaths.", Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns said "Smithers, we could make a fortune with these Bible pictures. And I've been looking for a way to launder the money I made selling club soda as flu vaccine."
Lisa Simpson said "Dad, I believe we were on a date."
Bart Simpson said "Awww, that's merely suggested viewing matter, lady. Mom lets us watch whatever the hell we want."
Homer Simpson said: "Marge, everything looks wonderful!"
Lisa Simpson replied "Well then you could use your free speech to denounce this intrusion of big money into our election."
Homer Simpson answered "It doesn't matter."
Homer Simpson said: "That's the cushion."
Homer Simpson said: "Ships ahoy!"
Marge Simpson said: "Are you sure, Doctor?"
"Who said anything about drive?" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Marge Simpson replied "The bus station is just one of the sights we came to see. We'll meet you in Central Park at five o'clock."
Marge Simpson responded "Children, tell me when your father stops scratching himself. Kids?"
Homer Simpson replied "Marge, get me your address book, four beers, and my conversation hat."
Lisa Simpson answered "What report?"
"Mom, I know your intentions are good, but aren't the police a protective force that maintains the status quo for the wealthy elites? Don't you think we ought to attack the roots of social problems instead of jamming people into overcrowded prisons?" Lisa Simpson said.
"All is well. Goodbye forever." Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Mom! We could go on the factory tour and I could complain in person!"
Homer Simpson: "Bart!"
"There's all kinds of ways to get the public on your side. Bob Dylan wrote songs. Cesar Chavez staged hunger strikes.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"But on the other hand, when you don't take advantage of an opportunity, you can end up regretting it for the rest of your life.", Marge Simpson answered.
"We've already been to room 915. We've already filled out form 1790." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "My house is on fire! Woo hoo! Insurance to the rescue."
"All right, that's it! Forget it! No toys for anyone!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Now, watch this..."
Marge Simpson replied: "But you're God. Couldn't you make everything the way it was?"
Homer Simpson replied "Easy now, sweetheart. Homie's here."
Ned Flanders answered "Well, Diane, I've sure enjoyed chatting with you about your problems with your mother."
"Okay, so Helen Lovejoy told me that she made her famous snicker doodle Bundt cake for the church sale, and she put in salt instead of sugar!" Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "Look inside."
Homer Simpson responded: "Hey, is that time right? I have a deadline in an hour and a half!"
"Homie, you're barely eating." Marge Simpson responded.
"Brown gold... Tuscan tea...", Lisa Simpson said.
"Brave Odysseus, it has been twenty long years. Regale me with tales of your adventures.", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said "And I used rhetoric in my answer!"
Bart Simpson responded "Uh..."
Ned Flanders: "Oh no!"
Homer Simpson responded "Marge, what does it do?"
"Why isn't my baby gaining weight?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "I told you to clean your room and instead you're watching chest videos! Look at all those bowls of half-eaten cereal!"
"Oh no, you don't! That trampoline is MINE." Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh great! Why don't we fill out an application? I'll need your name, measurements and turn ons..", Moe Szyslak said.
"/ WHEN HAPPY THEY SPARKLE, WHEN SAD THEY CRIES" Homer Simpson responded.
"Relax, Mom. I'll mold them into a shape you know and love." Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "Learning is cool!"
"Okay, be right down.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Now, open it again and put a walnut in there." Homer Simpson answered.
"Hey, where is everybody?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Here you g... Nnnnnno.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Eh, the Missus will clean that up."
"Hey? How did I get out here?", Homer Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak replied: "Hanh?!!!"
"Well, now the whole town can benefit from their nutrients!" Homer Simpson said.
"What do you care about good comics? All you ever buy is Casper the Wimpy Ghost.", Bart Simpson said.
"Bart, no!" Lisa Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns said "If you'll excuse me, I'm changing for a board meeting."
"Homie. How did you end up at the casino?" Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "Whoa, it's Santa, all right! And he is kickin' ass!"
Lisa Simpson: "Nooo!"
"Uh, sure." Bart Simpson replied.
"Marge! I missed you! All this eating has put me in the mood for a little lovin'." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "Fine."
Homer Simpson responded: "Mmmm, shrimp."
Homer Simpson replied "Stupid Gravity."
Lisa Simpson responded "How romantic."
Homer Simpson responded: "All right... but I never really hugged a man before."
"Hey Homie. Did you try the punch?", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Yes you do."
"I love you very much.", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered "They only like her 'cause she acts so grown up, with her perfume and her cell phone and... Oh, and get this, Mom, she drinks iced tea."
"Huh... what?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Wuzzah?"
"Thanks, Mom. But I told you, I'm not going.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "High? High like a private plane? The kind I'll never be invited to ride on again."
"Dad!! Daaadd!! Homer!!", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Wrong number."
Homer Simpson answered "I didn't say I swapped our house."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Where am I gonna get five hundred dollars?"
Homer Simpson: "Guess it's just us and the tumbleweeds."
"Here you go. Imagine.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"No! Let's take the eagle to Shelbyville Animal Rescue. Where you took that injured hummingbird you found on the front lawn.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Shary, you did the best you could. But you can't change this family. Neither can I. From now on I'm just gonna sit back and enjoy the ride." Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "And we looked and we saw him..."
Homer Simpson said: "Um, uh... probably just the fire alarm -- try to go back to sleep."
"I was in Tuscaloosa on vacation. It started out great. They got a jernt there called Moe's Original Barbecue." Moe Szyslak answered.
Bart Simpson responded "Good. Security officer, anything on scope?"
Seymour Skinner: "Not an option!"
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Help me, Muk Mu!"
"That all men are created equal." Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "Oh, it's you, Bob. How ya doin'?"
"Hey Flanders!", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "You want money? Get a job, like your old man."
Homer Simpson said "Big cookie."
Homer Simpson responded: "Now that everyone's so open about being fat, I can finally stop sucking in my gut."
"No, Dad. He's grooming him.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Okay, well, I really enjoyed being you, Dr. Hibbert. Uh, oh by the way, you're not welcome in the library no more. I'm sorry.", Moe Szyslak responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "That river led to the reservoir -- which made anyone who drank the town's tap water also go temporarily blind."
Homer Simpson responded "Oh no, not the good cheek!"
"No! That's impossible! He's dead! I lay a saxophone reed at his grave every year.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"It hurts when I swallow." Bart Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak replied: "Hey, nobody calls Moe St. Cool a phony."
Marge Simpson said "All right... but don't be shocked."
"I guess my life isn't so bad. With the help of my loving family, I even published my first book...and I've finally reached a state of serenity and-- another spider!" Homer Simpson answered.
"You think so?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Here you go. Put those in the trash, then you can help me unload the dishwasher." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "As I lay dying on the ocean floor, I remembered everything you've done for me. To Hell with that stupid DNA test and its ninety-nine point nine, nine, nine, nine, seven per cent accuracy -- you're my dad, and I love you."
Homer Simpson replied: "Promise me."
"Did anyone order a hero?", Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner said "Because we do our sleuthing in Mother's Nissan Quest Minivan."
"Will you take us to Mt. Splashmore?" Lisa Simpson replied.
"All right, Mr. Smartenheimer, that does it!", Seymour Skinner replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Don't worry, Principal Skinner."
Homer Simpson responded "Okay, now look. My boss is gonna be at this picnic, so I want you to show your father some love and/or respect."
Bart Simpson replied "Nah."
Ned Flanders: "Whoa! January first! Better get goin' on those taxes, Neddy!"
"Daughters of Jerusalem, weep not for me but weep for yourselves." Homer Simpson responded.
"Krusty, you've let everyone down. And even worse, you've let down this sacred document." Homer Simpson answered.
"Ohh, there's going to be a town meeting to decide how to spend Mr. Burns' money." Marge Simpson answered.
"But you're so much more... ravaged than I am.", Marge Simpson replied.
"All right, we're breaking early tonight, class. For tomorrow, you should read pages seven through eighteen in Lisa's diary.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Rainier Wolfcastle.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "...twenty-five dollar casino chip..."
Marge Simpson replied "I must apologize for my husband."
"Ned, there's only one man I should be eating whipped cream with.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Eh, bound to happen.", Homer Simpson said.
"Well, they're hardly worth a Smithers, but we don't have all night. Can you beat nine high?" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"I'm busy." Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "But what if they try to talk us into something?"
"Dad... I don't know how to say this, but I don't want to drive your car. It's slow, it's ugly, it handles like a shopping cart...", Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Hi, guys, what are you doing?"
"Boy, a man on a Squishee-bender can sure do some crazy things." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Great. That's great. But I have to get to work in the morning."
"Huh uh.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson said: "No!"
"I better check on my elf-self!", Marge Simpson answered.
"Oh, no. Me bring Homer on a rafting trip?" Bart Simpson responded.
"Y'know, Marge. Bart's really gonna like my birthday present this year. It won't be like those shoe trees I got him last year... or the shelf paper I bought him for Christmas. I'll buy his love yet.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "Squawky?"
Marge Simpson responded: "On a night like tonight I have to believe there are."
"You guys have treated me like a princess. Every day's been like the first ten minutes of Mother's Day!", Marge Simpson said.
"Hey Lenny, I see you cut the celery at an angle, here! Makes my straight-cut celery look like crap." Moe Szyslak replied.
Lisa Simpson: "I knew he wasn't gonna like the stack parking."
"Mr. Simpson, I dread the day when a hundred thousand dollars isn't worth groveling for." C. Montgomery Burns said.
Homer Simpson responded "Heeeeere's Johnny."
Bart Simpson answered: "Great game, Lis."
Homer Simpson responded "Christ be with you."
"A new suit? Oh, ho, ho! I'll be the best-dressed john in the whorehouse! But listen, are you guys sure you wanna spring for something that expensive?" Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Uh, he's sleeping."
"Oh, I almost forgot. I brought you all a little something." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
C. Montgomery Burns: "Now I would like to sing our National Anthem."
"Wait a minute..." Homer Simpson said.
"Those aren't the dog's eyes, are they?", Bart Simpson responded.
"Get him, Sheeba!", Homer Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "There must be some mistake. We, uh, we make cookies here. Mr. Burns' old fashioned, good time, extra chewy..."
Homer Simpson said "There's a trickle-down theory here. If I'm happy, I'm less abusive to the rest of you."
Homer Simpson said: "I don't have to be careful, I got a gun."
"Class, starting today we will be presenting an alternative theory on the origin of man.", Seymour Skinner replied.
Marge Simpson replied "Oh, for crying out loud... I--"
"On the street in your mind.", Marge Simpson said.
"What's the big problem?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Oh, come on, Marge. Why scrimp now on the off-chance that they'll actually get in someplace?"
"Marge!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Still fits." Seymour Skinner replied.
"I hate to rain on your parade, lady, but this is my grave. Hey, wait a minute... Mom?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Please.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "No. I mean ketchup."
"Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, save your breath.", Homer Simpson said.
"Ooh, and such delicate tissue paper. Zig-Zag!?" Marge Simpson said.
"Here you go. Keep using nuclear power." Homer Simpson replied.
"Wait, you're gonna be all the guys? How would that work?" Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "Mom! Dad! I have to leave Waverly Hills and never come back!"
Lisa Simpson said "It's the beating of that hideous heart! I mean, I think I hear something."
"Ah. 206 bones... fifty miles of small intestine... full, pouting lips. Why, this fellow is less a snowman than a god.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Amen! Well, Bart, has Dr. Hibbert made his point?"
Bart Simpson replied "Huh?!"
Homer Simpson responded: "I don't know. I flunked Latin, too."
"Should we take all our stuff, or are we coming back on this boat too?", Marge Simpson replied.
"Queen of Hearts. I believe all the rest are ours.", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "Oh yeah, that's why."
Marge Simpson replied "That's better. Now, let's role... play!"
"Thank you so much, Mister..." Marge Simpson answered.
"Good morning, Trash Pile. How's about..." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "Sure."
"Oh, how to explain this to a child... Hm... Future Daddy needs to double-kill these corpses so they won't come back as zombies, and-- Get 'im!", Homer Simpson answered.
"The Harpooned Heart. Book on tape! As read by Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen." Homer Simpson replied.
"Shut up, old man." Homer Simpson said.
"Uh, can't. I've got to go distract bulls at a rodeo." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Uh, Pittsburgh thirty-five, Dallas thirty-one!"
Marge Simpson responded: "Homie, is that you?"
"Homer, there's no reason for you to feel threatened. You'll always be the man of this house." Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Let's talk about somethin' else. Something nice."
"Quit following me, you coward!" Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "Ah, that's my girl."
Homer Simpson responded "Marge, when I'm with you, I get that feeling like when I got that smart kid's report card by mistake. For a minute, I thought I had all A's. And that my name was Howard Simberg."
"Check it out: the gallery was gonna throw these paintings overboard, like they were worthless garbage?", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Mom, please. I'm playing a video game."
Homer Simpson said "Mmm... fifty dollar pretzel. Hey, what's Baby Huey doing?"
"Clumsy Homer... Everything's always my fault... If he'd just watch where he was going...", Bart Simpson responded.
"Note to self: stop doing anything." Homer Simpson responded.
"Lisa? Lisa? Lisa!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Hot! Hot! Hot! Warm, tepid, cool, cold... so cold!"
Homer Simpson said "I know I said that, but what I secretly meant was..."
"You've got yourself a narc." Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "We were just having fun. Don't get upset."
Homer Simpson said: "Even the sea won't forgive me."
"Wow, Marge. I can't believe you're taking me to a sports bar." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "You're not leaving me?"
Marge Simpson answered: "So am I."
"Hasn't this experience taught you you can't believe everything you hear?", Marge Simpson responded.
"Why you--" Homer Simpson replied.
"It's fun to cook dinner together. Homer and I never do it anymore. Cook together, that is." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Gee, she didn't seem angry, or anything. Maybe she doesn't care anymore!"
Homer Simpson said: "Oh, you haven't seen Bart for a few hours, so you automatically assume I let something terrible happen."
"Keep moving, deadbeat -- cash only.", Homer Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders answered: "Uh, uh, huh, oh, hey, Rachel. W-Well what do you know? We both like plain vanilla with nothing on it."
"Perfect. Bad movie, bad pun, even bad paper stock." Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "Why would Sideshow Bob go so nuts over a fireplace?"
Homer Simpson answered "Hm. We need a better idea. We'll have to find the town's smartest men."
"Yes.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Stay out of this, old man."
Bart Simpson responded: "It fell off a truck-truck truck."
Marge Simpson replied: "This isn't the line for a movie. Why are you wearing that costume?"
Bart Simpson answered: "Where'd the blood come from?"
Homer Simpson replied "You live like this?"
"Well... she's pretty healthy for someone who's been living with cooties." Bart Simpson replied.
"Yes, that describes Kathy in Personnel to a tee!", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Well Mother, I would like you to meet, Milhouse, Lewis, Richard and... Bart Simpson.", Seymour Skinner responded.
"I thought there was no crime in New York any more. Giulianiii!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Even the pet cemetery voted for Bob! Look! Mr. and Mrs. Bananas! Humphrey Boa-gart!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Marge, please don't humiliate me in front of the money."
Moe Szyslak replied: "Whoa, whoa, whoa! Before I let a Holy Joe walk in this bar, I've gotta know which of the two true faiths you represent."
"What?", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Heh heh heh heh. Sweet."
"How could my Dad go out with Selma? Don't those two gargoyles know that love is for good-looking young people?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Whoooooaaaa!" Lisa Simpson said.
"Why would Willie do that?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "Oh, Grampa, you're not busy are you?"
"Well, uh, I was just leaving, but Moe... had an accident." Homer Simpson said.
"No way, man!" Bart Simpson answered.
"I'm gonna put him on the air tonight, live.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh no, my quarterback. What are we gonna do?"
Homer Simpson responded "Sheesh, look at these refugees. How 'bout a smile?"
Lisa Simpson said: "Ew... so, do you think my family will ever forgive me for making them a laughing stock?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Don't you dare post that review."
Seymour Skinner responded "There's no detention this time, Simpson. This is the end. You are expelled from Springfield Elementary!"
Homer Simpson responded "Hey, kids! Have you seen your mother?"
"Dad! Funtendo is unveiling their new system in three minutes -- in Hall G!", Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "Bart? You're home!"
Marge Simpson answered "Sure, we lied. We lied so we could spend a single night as a married couple without worrying about you kids!"
"What do you mean?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Bob, look!" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh, precious heirlooms! Daddy would never let them take you."
"Well, I'm afraid I had some great plans, too.", Homer Simpson replied.
"For your information, I've been taking steps to become a better father.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Yes, son."
"Yeah!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "May firrr... seconnn... thirrr..."
"Oh, there's my sweet little Maggie.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Apu. You can take this job and re-staff it!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Hey, that's great. G'night.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Woo hoo! But why?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Don't patronize me, doctor." Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded "Dad, I'm impressed! You've become a much better referee."
"Arrrgh!", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Up-bup-bup! Don't eat that, sweetie, it's poison."
Lisa Simpson said: "Hey, Krusty's in an opera, here in Rome! He can save our lives! Come on, let's go!"
"I can't! That fire siren could sound at any moment.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Yes, Kent?"
Homer Simpson said "Stop it, Winston!"
"Those baby whales are doomed, just like their mom. I guess it's just nature's way.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Yeah, well Bart can kiss my hairy yellow butt." Homer Simpson said.
"I've outgrown you!" Homer Simpson said.
"Bart, run like the wind!" Marge Simpson replied.
"The Ribwich! The commercials have come to pass!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Then I'd like to legally change my name." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "And miss the back half of Jimmy Kimmel? That's when he experiments, boy."
Bart Simpson responded: "No problemo. Where's the can opener?"
Lisa Simpson: "I'm an orphan!"
Bart Simpson responded "Well, you have such a beautiful voice..."
"Where's the hammer?!", Marge Simpson said.
"That sounds like a good movie.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Uh-huh... uh-huh..."
"Marge, don't flake out on me. That monkey's paw is gonna make our dreams come true.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Better get the ol' snow shovel back from Homer, huh?", Ned Flanders answered.
"Blow up the hospital.", Homer Simpson responded.
"It's great. It's really great.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Hmm, that's odd. Usually the blood gets off at the second floor.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Wait. What? No!"
"Woo-hoo!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Here, I'll be the demon, you be the thimble.", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "Relax. This is cinema verite. When the brutal slow-motion killing starts, I'll tell you to shut your eyes."
"They're not very..." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "For the past week I've been carrying around this bag of sugar. It's taught me how to love and care for a child."
"That's an entry?! I thought it was garbage." Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Homer! We only have five minutes until the school bus comes."
Lisa Simpson said: "Mm-hmm."
"Great story, lady." Bart Simpson answered.
"I could walk up to the President and blow smoke in his stupid monkey face and he'd just have to sit there groovin' on it.", Homer Simpson replied.
"You're slow to react, Dad.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Cut it out. You're not a teacher anymore." Bart Simpson responded.
"Marge, look. This has spring snakes inside, but the suckers will think it's Beer Nuts. Mmm... Beer Nuts." Homer Simpson responded.
"Ah, that's gotta hoit!" Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "No, thanks!"
"Where are we?" Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Kids, I have to tell your Mom I lost Maggie."
"He spanked you? You, Bart Simpson?", Homer Simpson answered.
"One of those cyber smoochers wrote me back...", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "How does that make him a hero?"
Bart Simpson answered: "Six. Seven if there's something good on."
Seymour Skinner responded: "Oh God, the press is gonna have a field day with this."
"No. I mean for adult males.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "I'm not spending my precious Saturday chauffeuring those over-privileged kids to a better life than I ever had."
Ned Flanders replied: "Well, boys, who'd have thought learning about religion could be fun?"
Homer Simpson said "Huh?"
"Ba-rt stop it!", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Why couldn't I be eaten by a giraffe? That would be fun!"
"Oh, Bart. I know you're still getting adjusted here. Tell you what. We'll do whatever you want to do.", Ned Flanders replied.
"Kids, will you come in here?" Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "Oooh, there's Krusty the Clown! Krusty, Krusty, say something funny."
"Why you little..." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "I love the theater."
"NOW, WHAT YOU GOTTA DO / IF YOU WANT TO GET A KISS / IS ACT REAL SMOOTH / AND MAKE YOUR MOVE LIKE THIS.", Homer Simpson said.
"The Dome of the Rock? Messiah, away!" Homer Simpson answered.
"I don't like this -- real humor comes from people being nice to each other.", Marge Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak responded "Aw, look at 'em, sleeping like little angels. Spare no one."
Homer Simpson answered: "You're saying it like it happens all the time. And by the way, the paint's a little faded on my parking spot. You call this a Platinum Club experience?"
Homer Simpson replied "Wow! You made me a sculpture of Magilla Gorilla."
Homer Simpson responded "I wanted to surprise you. I couldn't very well chop your hand off and bring it to the store, could I?"
"Mom! Dad!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "Sorry I'm late -- I was in a car crash. Many hurt, but nobody cool was harmed."
Marge Simpson replied "That sounds awfully harsh."
"But it says here in the brochure...", Marge Simpson replied.
"Thanks boy. Now be careful when you..." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Branch monster."
Homer Simpson: "Secrets? I have no secrets! Just enjoy this golden time you will soon cling desperately to the memory of. Smell some bread!"
Marge Simpson answered "It's not gambling! It's math."
Homer Simpson answered "Good night, Maggie."
Homer Simpson replied: "I was trying to punish him exactly like you would. So, in a way, you really dropped the ball on this one. This is your mess and I'll be damned if I'm gonna clean it up!"
"Oh, I hate having two heads.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "Oh... I love you, Edna Krabappel."
Homer Simpson replied: "Relax, everybody! The Navitron Auto-Drive System is driving the truck for me! But keep it a secret! It's a big scam! Okay?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just remember, if your mother asks, I took you to a wine tasting."
"French it up, lover boy!", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Oh, oh, oh, I have a better idea -- let's spend the night together, right here."
"Yep.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Pigabar? What the hell is pigabar?", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "Sounds scrump-didly-umptious, dear old Daddly-doodly."
Marge Simpson said: "The kids at school were even worse."
"Stop talking like that! Stop it!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Like those chairs in the music room?", Lisa Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "I don't care if she's Miss Hairless America... I'm spoken for. Now step aside -- I'll save Gloria myself."
"How old are you, anyway?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Well, it's quite simple, really. I observed our friend Groundskeeper Willie burning leaves with a blatant disregard for our clean air laws." Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "Thank you for finding it, sweetie. And seeing someone else get married in it is better than having it myself."
Lisa Simpson answered "It's great, Dad. You have tremendous power. And now it's time to put it to use."
Marge Simpson answered "Oooh, the walls are melting again."
"Enjoy it now, because when you're a grown up, you'll have to take care of yourself." Marge Simpson responded.
"Excellent. Let me fetch you another Thomas Collins." C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Drive to Chicago? I don't have time for that. I have to be back at work on Monday. And my boss is a total jerk." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "That man can't remember anything except our number!"
Homer Simpson: "Uh oh."
Marge Simpson: "Ugghh, Homer. Where did you get that ugly thing?"
Homer Simpson answered "I want you to just sit there, look through the window and watch me eat a ham. Marge, prepare the emergency ham."
"You must've found out about my letters. They were just a joke.", Bart Simpson said.
"Is there anything you need?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Who's Chase?", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "Homer, I told you he wouldn't sleep through it."
"He's cheating on Selma? That's crazy! Why go out for a hamburger when you've got rancid steak at home?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Treason?! But I love France! The way all our words are either a girl or a guy! Oh, that's the best!", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "I never got any. And I never painted again."
Homer Simpson responded "Please welcome new panelist, Barney Gumbel."
"No, I want roast beef, you clod!", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "So, what are we going to see?"
"While I'm here, I might as well pre-punch out...", Homer Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner: "The Skin-man doesn't give up that easily."
"Calm down there, Homer.", Moe Szyslak answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Flanders? Kill me? You never killed anybody... and you're gonna start with the big dog?"
"Oh, by the way, I was being sarcastic." Homer Simpson replied.
"Hey, idiot. You're fat, and your Mom's naked on the internet. You also smell.", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "Your Honor! May I say something?"
"You can't keep this scoreboard -- because there's not gonna be any grant money! Because I cheated!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "My Malibu Stacy heads!"
"Wow, Mom, I love tea!" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "It's funny... it's poignant... it actually happened... My father is interesting?! The whole world's upside down! That must mean Cathy is funny."
"Yeah, till they find out about us.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Some day you'll thank me for all this scary love! But now, I've gotta go somewhere and do some serious thinking.", Homer Simpson said.
"You went to the snack car?" Marge Simpson replied.
"The devil? What devil?", Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson answered "Hey! Wait a minute, if we're all out here, who's in there?"
"No, of course not!", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "You rule intensive care!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Okay, where did you get these donuts?"
"It wasn't me, boys! It was the train!" Ned Flanders said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Hey, there's still time. Let's hug him again."
"Dying alone, huh? Terrible fate to befall any woman -- ice-age or modern-day.", Seymour Skinner replied.
Bart Simpson answered "Yeah, probably."
Lisa Simpson responded "Uh, well to truly master an instrument you'll need years of--"
Seymour Skinner responded "Go on."
Homer Simpson said "Oh, the cereal's just a metaphor."
Homer Simpson: "All right, everybody in the pool!"
Bart Simpson: "All right, all right. Look. I'm sorry. I-I got upset. In the heat of the moment, I said some things I didn't mean."
Homer Simpson answered "Look. See. You're fine. And then--oops! Uh-oh. Look out..."
"With our superior intellects, we could rebuild this city on a foundation of reason and enlightenment. We could turn Springfield into a utopia!", Lisa Simpson replied.
"So Bart... the little dickens... was gonna set off an explosion to break us up. Can you believe it?" Marge Simpson answered.
"I just left my first session and I haven't even opened my mouth yet.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Look Mom, look! I'm riding by myself!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Now where do we go?" Bart Simpson answered.
"Look, I know that to you we Simpsons are a lower order of life. We face that prejudice every day of our lives, but we are happy on our little planet. We throw ourselves on your mercy. Please return us to..." Lisa Simpson said.
"Okay, boy, this is where all the hard work, sacrifice, and painful scaldings pay off." Homer Simpson said.
"Actually, I've been working on a plan. During the exam, I'll hide under some coats and hope that somehow everything will work out." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "What the hell?"
"Uh, you know, I think I'll take Maggie with us." Marge Simpson answered.
"Oh, you're not the jerk, I am. Forgive me? Oh, like you're Miss Perfect! Mom! Lisa's making me feel bad!" Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "What's going on, why are you attacking me? Look, if this is about me eating your heart pills, they shouldn't have made them in Good 'N' Plenty colors!"
Homer Simpson said: "B-b-but the poncho..."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Oh, it's beautiful, Dad."
"Langdon Alger." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Stop -- in the name of a private citizen with no connection to the law!"
"Don't mind me boys, just scrubbing my undies.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "My daughter."
Homer Simpson responded: "Clothesline."
Bart Simpson responded: "To sweeten the deal, I'll pick you first for basketball."
"Thanks, Lance.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Bart!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "On a poker site!"
"I wish I'd married a businessman. Then I'd have nice things." Homer Simpson answered.
"Well it's not enough anymore. When something great happens to one person, everyone else's life gets a little worse. Look it up, it's called physics." Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak said "I got Marge's mother to go to Marge, convinced Helen to ride the rails of romance with the padre, then I bought some roadside corn, ate it raw, got a kernel in my teeth, flossed with the corn silk, and then I came over to fix things with Manjula."
Bart Simpson answered "Place-setting? How is someone so lame related to a hot tamale like me?"
Homer Simpson said "It's okay, son. You'll do better next time."
"Oh, that's it. I'm putting an end to this." Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "Leslie who?"
Homer Simpson responded: "I believe I had a hat."
"Grampa, that's the noblest thought that's ever been expressed at this table." Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "Hey Jenda, how 'bout some forehead?"
"Lisa, we're home! Sorry about the museum! You'd better go up and apologize." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "I can't believe Flanders dumped me. Marge, do we have any more of your extra-long Twinkies?"
Marge Simpson said: "You mean a spoon?"
Homer Simpson said "Who are you, stuttering Fonzie? What about you, bicycle pants?"
Lisa Simpson replied "People of Springfield, I, uh, I don't know quite how to say this..."
Marge Simpson responded: "Maybe you could just put a hat on him and say it's a trick."
"Maybe you can have fun with just me.", Bart Simpson said.
"Ya! Ha!" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Bart Simpson answered "Hell no."
Seymour Skinner answered "So you know what osmosis is!"
"He'll lose." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Oh, good. Because I do love you and I don't deserve you as much as a guy with a fat wallet and a credit card that won't set off that horrible beeping." Homer Simpson said.
"I have to go." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Good luck, with my finicky appetite."
"Well, we better start looking." Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "IT'S BEGINNING TO LOOK A LOT LIKE BREAKFAST..."
"Love, Marge. Don't hate. Love.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "I never realized history was so filthy."
"Who's Trent Steel?" Marge Simpson responded.
"I'm sorry, I don't really play.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "If you two don't mind, I'd like to watch that cool Fox show about teenagers in Orange County."
"...but I have something more important to say. For reasons beyond my control, I will soon become vapid, sluggish, and slow-witted. So before that happens, I want to share some things with you that have really meant a lot to me..." Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson: "I know how we can raise money!"
Marge Simpson responded "Hm, that little girl sure loved dots."
"Watch it, Mr. Byrne! You'll slip on the Simonize!", Marge Simpson said.
"Class all the way." Marge Simpson said.
"So, Edna, I uh, I wrote up some possible discussion topics for this trip. Oh, here's one: I'm still in love with you. Discuss?", Seymour Skinner replied.
Homer Simpson responded "What the? This isn't Halloween."
Bart Simpson said: "Isn't that the wrong way?"
"Oh... I was just praying to God that you'll find me sane." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Incorrect, Marge. Two perfectly good jackets."
"Here's a preview. GOD SAID TO NOAH / BUILD YOURSELF AN ARK-Y ARK-Y / ANIMALS CAME ON BY ONES AND TWOSIES, TWOSIES / ELEPHANTS AND KANGAROOSIES - ROOSIES...", Ned Flanders replied.
Bart Simpson answered "Is that the telescope we're gonna be looking through?"
C. Montgomery Burns said "Why are my teeth showing like that?"
Homer Simpson replied "Moe, I can save you but you have to let go of the clock."
Bart Simpson answered: "Principal Skinner?"
Homer Simpson said: "Bart, there's someone in here who wants to meet you."
Lisa Simpson said: "No, I'm gonna convince you to turn yourselves in."
Moe Szyslak answered "Pity! Pity! Have pity! Look, I'm wrapped around your leg here!"
Marge Simpson answered "Eh, well..."
Moe Szyslak: "Whud he say?! Whud he say?! Was that about me?"
"Would I ever!" Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Whew, I'd hate to be that kid's father."
"We're back!" Homer Simpson said.
"Well, let's see.", Homer Simpson answered.
"I'm just happy you're excited about something besides saving the whales. Face it, they're doomed!" Marge Simpson responded.
"Here you go, Bart. It's a long shot, but, that's all I can do without learning ancient Hebrew." Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "Homer, you're back!"
Homer Simpson said: "Y'ello?"
Lisa Simpson replied: "I'm sorry I was so stubborn. I hope you're not mad."
"No harm done.", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Dad, because you and Mom screwed up Buck Mitchell's marriage, some kids beat me up at school today."
Bart Simpson responded: "Dad! Knocking over a gravestone is bad luck!"
"Are we really gonna live here and grow crops?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "I can't believe a middle-aged woman is scared of a three-story drop."
"Ooh, a nose-hair trimmer!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Well, not the leader... I mean... Oh, it's true, it's true! All the pieces fit.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "So, how much bleach did you drink? Not a talker, eh?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Aw, thanks, honey."
Lisa Simpson: "I'm fine."
"We know, Dad.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "I don't know... I think Dad might be a little heavy for parasailing."
Homer Simpson answered "BEER BEER, BEER BEER / BEER BEER BEER BEER BEER..."
"Daddy..." Homer Simpson answered.
"Man, you should come over to our place. It's full of valuable, worthless crap!", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "Mom, when I want lame and needy, I'll call Milhouse. No offense."
"Okay, now we just have to stick the feet on.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Non-violence never solved anything! Fine, curtsy boy, I'll try it your way." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Lisa Simpson responded "And after we spent all the townspeople's money."
Homer Simpson responded: "Ohh, that's where you're wrong, Marge. He was a shameless self-promoter."
Homer Simpson said: "On a beautiful night like tonight... how could I not?"
Lisa Simpson answered "Well, actually, I do feel a little feverish."
Seymour Skinner replied: "Wow! Walter Mondale, Marvin Hamlisch, Mark Fuhrman... The former President of Procter and Gamble?"
"Dying?!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Whoa, look at that car burn! Does it get any better than this?", Homer Simpson said.
"Next time, a few steps more toward center, don't you think?" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Itchy Runs Afoul Of An Irishman.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Bob, there's one thing I've gotta know: are you plotting revenge?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Hey, uh, he did try to kill me..."
"I've got summer squash!", Marge Simpson answered.
"Look, we can't fall into old patterns. We've gotta think of a plan." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Well, kids, we're so proud of the way you completed military school, we thought this time we'd take you to Disneyland for real!"
Homer Simpson: "I regret nothing... except this part!"
Bart Simpson responded: "Wha' the..."
"No! No! This is our year! How can this be happening?" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Bart Simpson: "Knowing you, you'd mess it up somehow."
"Come on, dog! Go, man! Go! Come on Santa's Little Helper! Run baby run!", Bart Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Is it supposed to take this long? What's a good time for a mass evacuation of the entire plant?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Really? Who's gonna make him?"
"Ready!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Huh?"
Homer Simpson said "That's just a carp swimming around your ankles."
Homer Simpson said "My way is easier."
Homer Simpson responded "Oh-ho-ho-ho! Ow! My leg!"
"Mom, I know it's you.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"My bad-boy spikes!", Bart Simpson responded.
"You have a newspaper too?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "Zagnut bar, Mr. Smithers? Razzles? Skittles? Whatchamacallit? Twizzlers?"
Marge Simpson answered "Homer! Will you get that crazy box off the dinner table? It came from the dump."
"What the-- whosa-- sonofa-", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "Dad..."
"Hi, everybody." Lisa Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner said "GOODBYE..."
Homer Simpson answered "You want me to take care of your dolly?"
"Marge! Why does Art hate me? I never did anything to Art." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Shush."
Homer Simpson replied: "Cora, is there a back way outta here?"
"Now sit down and give me fifty twirls!" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"You know me, Marge. I crave the hustle and bustle.", Homer Simpson answered.
"I said, Simpson!" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "There is only one upside to today."
"Suckers!!! Oh wait, you've gotta initial this.", Homer Simpson responded.
"That's not Mom!", Lisa Simpson said.
"Now how am I supposed to get to soccer practice?" Bart Simpson replied.
"Lisa, you've picked the winner every time! You must have some kind of special gift.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Okay."
Marge Simpson answered: "What are you two doing back there?"
"You did not.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "Sorry Mom. I just can't. Not as long as he's here."
"Not dead!", Seymour Skinner replied.
Homer Simpson responded "What, I'm going for a Shia LaBeouf thing. Not quite a nerd, not quite a hunk... Shia LaBeouf!"
"Homie, you've been down here for a week, I really think you need- What the Hellmann's Real Mayonnaise?!" Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "See? Even after all my cyber-squandering we've still got twelve hundred dollars."
Bart Simpson responded: "I got a job for thee. Bring forth all the cookies from your kitchen and leave them on the Simpsons porch."
"Oh, thank you, God. And thank you Porta-John. You really saved my..." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Well, a... You see the problem is, you don't know me. I have references. Just ask Coach Flanagan, and ask Mr. Seckofsky and Barney Gumbel."
Homer Simpson replied: "You're right, Marge! It's not my fault! I'm not gonna let 'em treat Poochie like dirt anymore just 'cause he's the new guy!"
Lisa Simpson: "Skinner's involved in this. Deep."
"Mr. Smithers' father!", Lisa Simpson said.
"They must be Bluella's children! Hello, whale calves! Your mother lives on through you!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "Um... I've gotta go."
Marge Simpson said: "I think you might like this... It's about a boy who goes to war... his hand is deformed in an accident..."
"I hate them so much!", Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, yeah... I forget things sometimes..." Homer Simpson said.
"It was all a dream! Oh Marge, Oscar Madison came to me and told me that politics are serious and important!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "You broke our deal -- we had an oral contract!"
Marge Simpson said: "It was a little hard on me having him around the house"
Homer Simpson responded "In that case, I'll just have french toast with double butter and a side of bacon. But no powdered sugar, I don't deserve it. Maybe a little powdered sugar."
Marge Simpson responded: "... and just a few stars down from the Cheerios Honey Bee."
"Why the crap do we have to go to church, anyway?", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "All right, I'll make you another bottle."
"Really? How'm I doin'?", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "That's good satire -- it doesn't hurt anyone. What do you think, Maggie?"
"Lisa? It's six a.m. Something's wrong! Dad died!" Bart Simpson responded.
"Are you sure you're not interested? Two hundred dollars is only the asking price.", Ned Flanders responded.
"No, that was not the thing." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "That's a guy with red hair."
Homer Simpson replied "Oh, that would be delightf... Quiet, boy! There's nothing to feel ashamed of here. Women have a right to a night out. Right, Lisa?"
Homer Simpson: "There must have been a mistake. My body is a temple."
"Wow! My boss!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Hm, I guess it's the tissue paper inside.", Marge Simpson answered.
"According to this map there's a Krustyburger on an offshore oil rig!" Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner said "Bum-ba-bum-bum! Ba-ba-ba-bum! Now a little more allegro than last time. Bart! Welcome! Can I offer you a Diet Caffeine-Free Dr. Pepper or an individual fruit cocktail cup?"
"The fly was funny and a booger was the icing on the cake..." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Not to worry, honey. We live in a highly technological age, where fighting a war is as simple as turning off a light."
Marge Simpson: "Stop it!"
"Dad, have you seen the girls they have in those contests? Hubba, hubba.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Please don't go, Bart. I'll let you swear in the house. Everything but the big three.", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "No! Don't you get it, Bart? How could Krusty have been reading a magazine if he can't read?"
"So have fun everybody. And who knows? Maybe you'll hit the jackpot, get off this island, and spend the rest of your days in a tropical paradise." Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "Yeah, I did."
"We'd like that, Homer.", Moe Szyslak responded.
"Burns needs some serious boosta-fazoo. Right, Dad? Dad? Homer?", Bart Simpson said.
"Oh, forget this. I'm outta here.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Excellent." C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Well, we're still poor, but thanks to your father, we'll never go hungry." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Ah."
"Krav maga!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "Hey, how come the Smithsonian needs to be sponsored by a cel phone company?"
"Thinner... thinner... thinner... thinner... too thin." Bart Simpson answered.
"Edna, you know they just cut the school's budget. Besides, if I had the money, I'd fix the exhaust leak in the back. Frankly, I think it's causing some of our low test scores.", Seymour Skinner responded.
"Dammit! I would've been perfect as Rachel's Irish cousin. So you're all doing each other, are ya? Well, who's going to put out for old Seamus?" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "Yo, Dad, can I have a sip of your beer?"
"I don't want to snuggle with anybody who's not letting me express myself." Marge Simpson responded.
"What do you need to make money for anyway? As long as I have my earning power, this family's got nothing to worry about." Homer Simpson responded.
"Damn that Pennybags. Between him and Scrooge McDuck, all the best ankle is taken." C. Montgomery Burns said.
"It didn't blow over, Marge. Nothin' ever blows over for me.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Michael Jackson just told me to shut up!", Homer Simpson replied.
"He is quite a charmer. Your father's certainly taken a shine to him...", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "Sweetie, we're gonna get you home and straighten out all these fears you have."
"I've heard that from co-workers, strangers on the street, even my own children... but I never thought I'd hear it from you.", Homer Simpson replied.
"His corpse is climbing the building!", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied "Moe, can I give you some shrimp for the road?"
C. Montgomery Burns said "Yes -- Uh, then I'll form my own religion!"
"It's the only worthwhile thing I ever made that wasn't Lisa.", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "Next time Maggie does that in a pool, tell me quietly, don't announce it."
"The woman I love!" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "Well, I drive all day and I don't get paid a thing. With the money you make, I could buy a fridge with... an icemaker."
"My Christmas present to myself this year was leaving that place early.", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "Well, if you saved Burns' life, why does he want to kill you?"
"Then welcome to the nether regions of the soul. Now here's what we do. Tomorrow morning when Allison comes out of her house, we spray her with the hose, soaking her from head to toe, leaving us relatively dry." Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "You're on, Lis."
Marge Simpson replied "Well, I feel a buzz, but I don't feel happier. It's not like when I was drinking with Homer."
Marge Simpson: "Homer! How'd you get in here?"
"She's right. Okay, think, Homer. Don't panic. They don't pick up the mail till noon. There's still time!", Homer Simpson said.
"Okay, this might hurt a little. No problem." Moe Szyslak responded.
Seymour Skinner replied: "Taking four children across town to investigate a piece of paper we found on the ground."
"If you ask me, you should give up fatty foods.", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh, Homer, honey. Come here."
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Pay attention! My last offer: twenty million goats."
"Ooboy, my bad. Becky, I'm so sorry I accused you of trying to kill me and steal my family." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "You're gonna be sorry you said that."
Lisa Simpson said "Sorry, Grampa. It's just that, for a second, it looked like Dad had melted."
Bart Simpson responded: "Hey, you guys! You wanna see how cool Lisa Simpson really is?"
"Oh, and I'm sorry I sawed the heads off your Malibu Stacy dolls. Okay, you go.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Hang on, Dad!", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded: "Maybe death will stop your yammering!"
Homer Simpson said: "Oooh, pure genius..."
Moe Szyslak answered "See? You're a pig. Barney's a pig. Larry's a pig. We're all pigs. Except for one difference. Once in a while, we can crawl out of the slop, hose ourselves off, and act like human beings. Homer, buy your wife some flowers and take her out for a night on the town. Candles, tablecloth, the whole nine yards."
"Well, it's not like I never saw a dog before." Bart Simpson answered.
"Oh my God...", Bart Simpson said.
"We have a free hotel room in Miami for two days?", Bart Simpson answered.
"Well that was a big bust... is he really the head of the Kwik-E-Mart?" Homer Simpson said.
"New York is a hellhole, and you know how I feel about hellholes.", Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Hello, Phillip! What are you doing here?"
"Oh boy, am I glad to see you guys." Homer Simpson responded.
"This isn't the most romantic place to get married." Marge Simpson responded.
"Thank you, thank you, thank you. It's all in the delivery. ...Now is the winter of our discontent...", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "I'm bald!"
Lisa Simpson replied "Mom, he's doing it again. Bart, quit it! Quit it! Hey quit it! Quit it! Quit it! Quit it! Quit it! Mommmmm!!"
Homer Simpson said "Washing my fat guy hat, honey."
Bart Simpson said: "Where's my lucky red cap?"
"Bart, remember that talk we had about you volunteering our house?", Marge Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders responded "Okay, here she comes! Why don't you take Marge for a walk, open your heart and see what pours out?"
Bart Simpson responded: "Lisa... Lisa... Lisa."
Homer Simpson responded: "Okay, these are war games and I'm head of my team. I have to think like a great military leader."
Seymour Skinner answered: "Yes, Superintendent Chalmers?"
"If anyone wants me, I'll be eating alone in the basement.", Homer Simpson said.
"That's okay. I'm supposed to be workin', too." Homer Simpson replied.
"Myself? Oh, geez. Um, I gotta go to the can again. I got the runs." Moe Szyslak replied.
"The dastard!", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "Relax! Listen to the music of this bubble game."
"Oh hello, Lisa. We were just uh, discussing Vasco De Gama.", Seymour Skinner responded.
"Homer, I don't think this fish is quite dead yet.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Hey, once again. Great present, Dad.", Bart Simpson replied.
"All night. You were yelling at the swing.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Trust me, Homer doesn't care where the cupcakes come from." Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "Who else would?"
Marge Simpson responded: "Baby shower?! You know I haven't told Homer yet, and he'll be home any minute."
"No! We have to find my baby!", Marge Simpson responded.
"Don't tell me I'm not capable of good behavior!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Marge, please, that was twenty minutes ago." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "Homer, we're on a tight budget here. Promise me you won't get carried away."
"Bart, isn't there something you'd like to say to your sister?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Woo hoo! I'm rich! Rich I tells ya. Here you go.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Well, I... I lied -- it's for me.", Seymour Skinner replied.
Homer Simpson replied "I'm sorry, Marge, but sometimes I think we're the worst family in town."
"Oh, brother.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Be sure to water the flowers on my backyard grave.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "U-S-A! U-S-A! U-S..."
Lisa Simpson answered "A word you should know since it was on a vocabulary test you aced."
"Boy, nothin' is sexier than still photos in a girlie magazine. wha?" Moe Szyslak said.
"Are you?", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "This shrimp isn't frozen and it smells funny."
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Mother, is that you?"
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "We'll be back before you know it."
"Don't Bart! He's a friend of Nelson Muntz." Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Well, we're calling it now."
Homer Simpson answered "What happened to you guys? You used to be cool."
"Yeah. Excuse me, I'm looking for someone named, Jay Leno.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Mmmm. Now, what do you have to wash that awful taste out of my mouth?" Homer Simpson said.
"You can have one of these!" Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "This is the break in the case we've been waiting for!"
Bart Simpson replied "Supoib."
"No we don't, Mother!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "Here she is. The Big House. The Stony Lonesome. The Thug Jug. The Mobster Trap. Penn State. The Old Crook Buck--"
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Morphine, please."
Marge Simpson answered "Homer. It's not the end of the world. You know, before we got married we hardly ever watched television."
Homer Simpson answered: "Why -- oh, I give up."
"Fine. Hooty McBoob it is.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Marge, I brought you some flowers! A full dozen this time! No tricks!", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "Much better."
Marge Simpson: "Oh, for Pete's sake."
Homer Simpson replied "Creepy? Marge, the apocalypse is coming. Maybe not tomorrow, maybe never, but it's coming... and soon."
Homer Simpson said "That does it! There's only one thing I can do."
"Now, Lisa, I know you miss your whale. So I got you a pet that will never die. An invisible dog.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Smithers! I don't want that unpredictable lunatic working in my casino!", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Ned Flanders replied: "Well Homer, you really put one over on old stupid Flanders, here. Thanks a lot, neighbor."
"Marge, you're really good with your left hand.", Homer Simpson replied.
"From then on, my life changed.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Well, I won't sleep in the same bed with a woman who thinks I'm lazy. I'm gonna go right down stairs, unfold the couch, unroll a sleeping bag... Eh, goodnight."
"You're right. Maybe if I use my least nagging tone of voice. Homer? Homer! Homer! That's it. That's the one. All right, send him on in.", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "I thought I'd investigate the effects of cigarette smoking on dogs."
"You did it on purpose?" Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "Homie! You're home early!"
"These new pews are so comfy." Marge Simpson said.
"That's where the ice bridge would be! Go down!" Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "Good boy! Now, transform!"
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "My doctor says I'm not allowed to imagine. So I hired someone to do it for me."
"Let's keep looking." Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "You're welcome, Mom."
"Sorry we missed your special day, Grampa. We'll definitely go next year.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "Um, do you know what you're doing?"
"We're free! Your mother set us free!", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Sure is cold in here."
"I am a little pudgy. You got me. Yeah." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "Thank you."
"I'd like to, honey, but I'm not sure how. Your father can be surprisingly sensitive. Remember when I giggled at his Sherlock Holmes hat? He sulked for a week and then closed his detective agency.", Marge Simpson said.
"Oh my goodness. Kids! Homer! We're late for church! I'm glad I dressed last night." Marge Simpson replied.
"How can something that applies to Bart apply to me? I'm so much older and wiser.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "Awesome!"
"Yeah, but last year I took Barney dressed as Marge. Think how much better they'll think you look.", Moe Szyslak answered.
Marge Simpson answered "More Oxycontin Candy, sweetie?"
Lisa Simpson: "I'm sorry, Mom. I should have just gone with the flow like you said."
"Oh, he ain't gettin' married. He has commitment issues!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Well, I may be playing a tree but at least I'm getting my face out there." Homer Simpson replied.
"Hmmm.", Bart Simpson said.
"No problem. I'll just give her a sip of beer. Come on Maggie -- it's Miller time! Yes-it's-Mil-ler-time!" Homer Simpson replied.
"You realize you're cheering the death of millions of my children." Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson: "Maybe you're getting stronger."
Bart Simpson: "You think you're so great just because you have God-like powers."
Homer Simpson replied "What're you gonna do about it? What're you gonna do? Ooh, I'm Officer Marge, I'm gonna arrest you! Whoa! etc."
"I'm going to bed." Marge Simpson said.
"So like I said, I've never had a tick burrow in so deep. Little guy's just got a mind of his own." Marge Simpson replied.
"Where are you staying?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Marge! How could you?", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "Can't we just wander around and meet you back here later?"
"Oh, that takes me back." Homer Simpson responded.
"Yes. Thomas Edison smoked several cigars a day." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "But you look better... you don't sweat while you eat anymore... and look."
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh-ho, I'll help you. Help you die!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Ah...There's nothing like rising with the sun for a quiet, peaceful dip in your very own pool."
Lisa Simpson answered "Oh Dad, I've never been happier to be your daughter."
"Hidilly ho, neighboreenos.", Ned Flanders replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Oh, yeah. That's a fine looking..."
"Bart, I am so proud of you. You showed a sensitive side of yourself that can never be erased. From this day forward we are kindred spirits." Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "This isn't real money. It's printed by the Montana Militia."
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh don't stop -- you're choking him just the way his father used to."
"I can't believe you stood Mom up.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "How many kids will jazz corrupt?"
"I'll give you five dollars for it.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Why is this movie PG-13?", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "...go again."
"Marge, someone's squeezed all the life out of these kids. And unless movies and TV have lied to me, it's a crusty, bitter, old dean!", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "That's right. I'm Toilet."
"Just sit tight -- I'm sending a car." Bart Simpson said.
"Mm-hm." Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "Skee-biddy-bob-boo! Dot-doobiddy-dum-doo!"
C. Montgomery Burns replied "I see."
"Shoot!", Ned Flanders responded.
"Dad?", Bart Simpson said.
"Bart, I'm losing my grip!", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Yes it is! That's all it is!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "Y-whay ot-nay? Ut-whay ould-cay o-gay ong-wray?"
"Hey, they do look alike!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "Hey, what's this one for?"
"No. It feels weird.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Stained with the blood of American patriots.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Just because you've had a little setback doesn't mean you can't look your best." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Someone's downstairs!"
Lisa Simpson said "Dad, you're bleeding."
"My Lord, we Americans love queens, be they homecoming or Dairy. This woman, however, is an imposter.", Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, boy! Move over liquor license.", Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson responded: "There are no laws. We can do anything we want! Anything!"
"But you've got twenty pounds on me!" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "To your mother's purse!"
"He's not lost.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "Bottle rockets, Frog-Launchers, Weeping Mommas... Tijuana Toilet Crackers!"
"I hope you realize now that violence on TV may be funny, but it's not so funny when that violence is happening to you." Marge Simpson replied.
"You're dead.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "THEY CALL ME MELLOW YELLOW... QUITE RIGHTLY! THIS FELLOW NEVER BELLOWS... QUITE RIGHTLY!"
Bart Simpson said: "Whoa, check that out!"
"Oh really? I came to see you three times today. Twice you were sleeping and once you were kicking that ball of electrical tape around.", Marge Simpson answered.
"My goodness, what a lovely suit, Sheriff. Is that seersucker?" Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Seventy-five."
"Oops." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Oh no you don't!"
Marge Simpson responded "Homer, don't ever tell them personal stuff about me again."
"Now, about your punishment, young man.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Bart, I'm gonna turn my back -- and when I turn around, I wanna see a whole pile of dead reindeer." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "The guys who wrote this show don't know squat. Itchy should have tied Scratchy's tongue with a taut-line hitch, not a sheet-bend."
Homer Simpson said: "I was 24 years old, with a beautiful girlfriend and a job with a future..."
"You're serving us gruel?", Lisa Simpson said.
"No, if... if the state finds out they'll shut us down!" Seymour Skinner said.
"Say goodbye to your brother.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "See, I told you, it's not raining. So we're just homeless."
"Let's see those double A baseball honchos ignore this.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "REVENGE! Okay."
Lisa Simpson answered: "I think it distracts people from more important social issues."
"I sure am. Here you go, son. I brought you a lollipop from the guards' lounge." Homer Simpson answered.
"Not the Reichstag!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Milkshake Festival. Look, you can see the booths from your window."
Bart Simpson responded: "No thank you, I'd rather push this button."
"What are you doing, Godfrey! You're a villain, not some bullet-brained rail-splitter. Without someone to hate, there's no excitement, no thrill!" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"It means he gets results, you stupid chief." Homer Simpson said.
"Jacques. Last name Strap." Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "What are you talking about?"
Bart Simpson said: "Hey, maybe there's a spell in here that'll bring her back from the dead."
"Dad, stop!" Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "Zhenya, I couldn't have done it without you. And you."
"Come on, Homer. This isn't funny.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Is it Sherri?", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson: "Not if I have to do heavy lifting or math."
Bart Simpson replied "Ah, yes, my name is Homer Simpson, and I'd like to order an Itchy an Scratchy cel. My credit card? Ah, do you accept the Federal Breast Inspector's card? License to Ogle? Viza?... Oh yes, of course, that's what I meant, Visa. It's these new dentures."
Homer Simpson answered "Everyone get out!"
Seymour Skinner answered: "No! No! God no!"
Bart Simpson responded "How much do those yo-yos cost?"
Homer Simpson responded "Well Marge, if I die here, there's one thing I want you to remember: don't buy any videotapes in England. They won't work in our VCR!"
"We can enjoy each others' company.", Marge Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Just try to remain inconspicuous."
Homer Simpson said "You can race pigeons?"
Lisa Simpson replied "To the East! The Middle East! Mecca!"
Moe Szyslak said "HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME / HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME / I FEEL SO DAMN LONELY / WON'T SOMEONE KILL ME AND MANY MORE..."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Okay."
Bart Simpson responded "Hold for the President."
"Oh, balderdash! It's not important how old you are on parchment, it's how old you feel in the humors." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Dad, when did you record an album?" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Some Hollywood idiots hired me to star in a movie!"
"I'm not going to live in a house of evil just to save a few dollars." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "C'mon, kids. Let's leave this awful place and never come back."
"Hmm? Oh, of course not. They're your pets, you can do as you wish. Good day, everyone." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Whatever. The important thing is to get Skinner to that altar. Because once a union has been sanctified by God, it takes at least six months to tear it apart.", Homer Simpson said.
"Ruining your plan -- if you shoot me while we're in the same state, you go to jail.", Bart Simpson said.
"Well, there's a dull ache, certainly. And overlaid on that is a club sandwich of pain. Only instead of bacon, there's agony. Marge, can I have a BLT?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Uh, Mr. Burns, I'd like you to meet... Mother Hubbard standee." Homer Simpson answered.
"But... what do I do?", Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied: "Can't live this way... anymore."
"God, what a great game! And you too can be on the winning team, Mr. Mayor. The Springfield Nuclear Team." Homer Simpson replied.
"Big phony!" Bart Simpson answered.
"I'm runnin' on empty, Milhouse. You kids get a kick out of my jumps, and I love you for it, but it's all too easy.", Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Are you hiding something from me?"
Moe Szyslak responded: "Oh, well, thanks. Yeah, it kinda draws the eye away from the old mug."
"I haven't had buffalo in six hours. Marge, how 'bout whipping up some buffalo sausage, huevos buffaleros, and some fresh-squeezed buffal-O.J.", Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner responded: "Bart! Have you lost your..."
Bart Simpson said "The Heavy Hands don't work unless you move, Homer."
Homer Simpson responded "What do you think, kids?"
C. Montgomery Burns replied "More high-tech than kangaroos?"
Moe Szyslak answered: "I will! And then you'll all wish you was nicer to me! Eh, who am I kiddin'? I ain't gonna jump."
Marge Simpson responded: "I guess we could make a sprint for one of these local establishments."
"Guess what company had a giveaway at Moe's last night?" Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "Oh yeah, like Erin Brockovich."
"Simpson, eh? Well, judging by his outlandish attire, he's some sort of free-thinking anarchist.", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Marge Simpson replied: "Well, I guess he told me not to worry."
"Homer?", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "I repeat: unable to exercise..."
"But they sent a note from school." Marge Simpson said.
"The can is in the cupboard on the bottom shelf.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Thanks for the help, man." Bart Simpson answered.
"Lisa, you've got to be more careful! I need you to teach me all about the world of juzz." Bart Simpson said.
"Heyyyy.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Off the list!", Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson: "They look a little green."
"Mmm-hmm. And some people steer clear of that whole hornet's nest. I'll stick with just plain white bread, thank you very much. Maybe with a--", Ned Flanders answered.
"Run for it boy!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Hm, you seem less disgusted. Let's go!"
"Ah-ha! This is a great idea, Simpson. Free silver dollars! Compliments of C. Montgomery Burns!", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Au contraire, man with no hair! You see, Rod and Todd can only get the chicken pox once, and childhood's the safest time!", Ned Flanders replied.
"Why do you hate the Isotopes so much, Dad?", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "This is dangerous. I wish we could have found a sitter for Maggie."
Homer Simpson replied "Shut up."
Homer Simpson answered: "Got it, Barn?"
Bart Simpson replied "Nothing."
C. Montgomery Burns replied "You have to keep squeezing this thing?! Who has the strength for that?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Of all the things that have ever come back to bite me in the ass, this is the worst."
Bart Simpson answered "Oh my God, look what they serve in the cafeteria!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "Beautiful dinnerware, Mrs. Parkfield."
"How can you follow a leader who won't even get up out of his chair?" Marge Simpson answered.
"Oh my gosh, she's dead.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy...", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "And sexy. King David stole someone else's wife... Mary Magdalene was a hooker..."
Bart Simpson said: "I... wanna play with you guys."
"What good is money if you can't inspire terror in your fellow man? I've got to get my plant back!", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Alec Baldwin and Kim Basinger?!", Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner responded "Stop that!"
"Do you want to spend your whole life doing what's right?" Bart Simpson replied.
"Excuse me.", Bart Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak answered: "All rightee... Uh, number one: I've lost the will to live."
"That's how wolves die in the wild.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "All right, who's the wisenheimer that's been eating the powdered food?"
Marge Simpson responded: "Excuse me... where do I throw this?"
"So how did we do?", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Ned Flanders said "Today we write a new page in the Flanders family bible."
Bart Simpson said: "That's fair. Sorry. I deserve it. Ow, that one really hurt!"
"Yes, I need you to pick up my car at the factory in Italy, and ship it directly back to me. I'll save thousands in taxes!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Well, don't worry, I can help ya. I'm all about ideas.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Bart, I'll bet you think nothin's gonna top that cactus. Well, check out my present!", Homer Simpson answered.
"And to remind you of what you've done, I'm going to keep these earrings and wear them at social occasions.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Woo hoo!"
"Can't we?" Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Yeah, I guess."
Homer Simpson replied: "But our cushion..."
Lisa Simpson said: "Look, Dad. I made a modest studio apartment for my Malibu Stacey doll. This is the kitchen, this is where she prints her weekly feminist newsletter..."
Marge Simpson said: "There goes the clothesline."
C. Montgomery Burns: "The fight? Don't mind if I do. Oh, Simpson. Good news -- I brought some munchies. Smithers -- the Cheetos."
Lisa Simpson answered "And then, as school president, I don't have to take the hearing test."
Bart Simpson replied: "Well, why don't you just pull it out?"
"Just relax. Sit down. Not in that chair! It has no bottom!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Oooh, there's a good one." Homer Simpson replied.
"Annie?" Bart Simpson replied.
"Well, frankly, I don't see how one of the most despicable men who ever lived has a chance against Mary Bailey, the most beloved governor our great state has ever known." Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "That was your idea!"
Bart Simpson said: "Dad, what are you doing here?"
"First, raise my allowance." Bart Simpson said.
"We need something quick. My husband's eyes are really shot." Marge Simpson replied.
"Are you the substitute?" Seymour Skinner replied.
Ned Flanders replied: "Do it! Do it! Kill everyone!"
"He saved her! Oh. Isn't it great to have the old Dad back?", Bart Simpson responded.
"You wouldn't happen to have any real cakes around here, would you?", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Work."
Homer Simpson replied "Do you have plans for tonight?"
"Semi-imported. Keep 'em comin'.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Well, hel-lo!", Homer Simpson said.
"Stone Philips again!" Marge Simpson said.
"A thousand, eh?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Hot dog!", C. Montgomery Burns said.
Lisa Simpson said "Dad!"
"It's not a time machine, Moe." Homer Simpson replied.
"Only in forty-eight states. Besides, it's a victimless crime. The only victim is Moe, heh, heh, heh. And it's brought Lisa and me together." Homer Simpson responded.
"So you see Principal Skinner, that's why I had to come to you." Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "Okay, I'll go get our lunches."
Homer Simpson answered: "Marge?"
Seymour Skinner: "Please welcome Springfield Elementary's own Lady Pumas!"
"But you do believe it, right?", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "Oh, it's always the Jews' fault."
"What are you talking about? This car is cooler than Guy Lombardo." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Bart Simpson said "Bathroom passes, doctor's notes..."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Creative Responses for Infant Edu-loving!"
"Well, it's worth a try don't you--" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "I'll bet you'd trade it all for one night with my wife."
C. Montgomery Burns said "So, shall I pick you up at eight?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Hel - lo."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Ow! C'mon, Mom and Dad are waiting!"
Homer Simpson: "I'll fix that later!"
Bart Simpson answered "Are you gonna eat that all by yourself?"
Seymour Skinner said "Dehance! Dehance!"
Bart Simpson said "Dad's missing? Get outta here."
"Superintendent Chalmers!", Seymour Skinner replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "I'm just sayin'..."
Ned Flanders answered: "Well, their mascot is a kneepad wearing a helmet... why not?"
C. Montgomery Burns responded "What about the headlines?"
Moe Szyslak said: "Huh. I got a window here."
"Wait, is it wrong for me to appropriate the culture of a long-suffering people?" Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "The town keeps getting bigger. Will there always be enough electricity?"
Homer Simpson responded "And here it is."
"Why do I have to go to a stupid psychiatrist? I told a scary story, big deal." Bart Simpson said.
"No.", Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said "Dear She-Done-Left-Me-Records. Once again, I write protesting your holographic exploitation of blues icon Bleeding Gums Murphy. I call for a boycott and girl-cott of your entire catalogue until you... Sonny Rollins?!"
Lisa Simpson answered: "Here we are!"
"Get out of the way you--", Homer Simpson replied.
"Well, it was rhubarb.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Haw-haw."
Bart Simpson said: "Can I appeal?"
"Prove me wrong, Silent Bob.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "Well, I think it's a great idea."
Homer Simpson said "Well, turn something on. I'm starting to think."
Homer Simpson answered "Prove it."
Lisa Simpson responded "Hey, wait... that's not a dummy!"
Homer Simpson answered "Yes I am."
"Now that I have all this free time, I thought I would do you a huge favor." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "What'd ya bring? What'd ya bring?"
Lisa Simpson said: "Dad, you ate the last can of tuna."
"Save our families! Sign our Petition!" Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said: "Um, I don't think you want to look in there, sir."
"Now to make sure no one can call home to check... with a little help from the make-your-own-sundae bar.", Bart Simpson said.
"Shark week just got cancelled.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh no, Bart and Lisa are gonna tell me something horrible!"
"Uh-oh.", Homer Simpson said.
"Later, Marge. Lurleen's on TV tonight. I gotta get ready." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "So, um, how's life in the gutter?"
Lisa Simpson answered "Bart, you're brushing your teeth with my twig."
Marge Simpson answered "No, no, our dog is out of control. He's wild, destructive, and has little or no respect for authority."
Bart Simpson answered: "Oh, come on Lis, you know why."
Marge Simpson said: "THOSE WERE THE DAYS."
Marge Simpson said "All right! All right! Sorry!"
"I think I'm having chest pains.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "Honey, the king of Mardi Gras has to ride around on a float all day. You'll be a sitting duck."
Bart Simpson responded: "Yeah, but don't other people have mail in there?"
Marge Simpson replied "I can't believe it. Everyone's celebrating their obesity!"
"God! It's him!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Welcome, new employees of the Bangalore Nuclear Power Plant." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Homer Simpson answered "After the title page it's Bob Dole's memoirs."
Homer Simpson responded: "I'll never get rid of it. It'll follow me to the ends of the Earth!"
"Yeah, I guess I do.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "And eleven with Robert Urich."
Lisa Simpson said "Okay, let's see, it's not Egyptian. It's not Prince's names."
Homer Simpson answered "I'll say. Her butt waxed the banister."
"Yes.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Dearly beloved, we are not here to mourn their deactivation, but to celebrate their period of function.", Lisa Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "No, sorry. My diamonds are going to be retro-morphed into coal... the most valuable substance on earth. I know. I'll send you to Yale, with the Monty Burns Scholarship."
"You're a selfish jerk." Homer Simpson answered.
"Look, Mama!" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "All right, whatever."
"Sideshow Bob!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"I can't keep sleeping in Mom and Dad's room.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"They should take a good look at themselves, and what their church has become!", Lisa Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Keep begging. You're just wasting precious oxygen!"
"Prime Minister Tony Blair!?", Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "This kilt says you framed my brother! Why?"
Bart Simpson responded "What did they think?"
Lisa Simpson responded: "To get Maggie in time, we'll have to catch a ride on a nerve impulse -- the body's information super-highway!"
"Howdilly-dood...", Ned Flanders said.
"I'd say that the pressure's finally gotten to Dad, but what pressure?", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Sh!"
Bart Simpson responded "At last those planes are flying where they belong."
"Oh Kent, not anything. It has to exist. Or does it?", Homer Simpson replied.
"I can't beat Nelson.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner replied "Yeah, in a dream world. We have a very tight budget. To do what she's asking, we'd have to raise taxes."
"Mother Superior, are those all the babies in our orphanage?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"People... people... Allllll right. You know I can wait just as long as you. Knock it off!" Seymour Skinner said.
Bart Simpson: "Well, remember this: Bart Simpson takes care of his friends."
Bart Simpson responded "Less barking, more marking."
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh my, it's stuck!"
"1", Bart Simpson responded.
"I don't know whose this is. I found it next to the cash machine, and I've always kept it. Look at the balance.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Well, in many cases the floor is the best... oh look! Here comes Lumpy, the school snake!" Seymour Skinner responded.
"Quick! Gum up the gears with Moes!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Well, for only five dollars you can sock it to him in style!"
"I'm the worst thing to happen to sports since Fox." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "I've gotta do something. Hmmmm."
Homer Simpson replied: "Woo hoo! Woo hoo! Yeah! She's gonna marry me. In your face, everybody... Woo hoo!"
Marge Simpson responded "Homie, what's taking so long?"
"I was the only one without a date at Patty's new lady friend's travel bookstore soft opening!", Marge Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak answered "I've dedicated my life to diseases of the head holes. But the one hole I've never been able to fix is the one in my soul."
"Just leave it to me." Homer Simpson responded.
"What's Santa's Little Helper doing to that dog?" Lisa Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak replied "Don't worry, sir. The maid and I will take him out to the curb. C'mon, c'mon."
"No! I will never... Oh wait, it's Blatz." Homer Simpson said.
"You guys come and get me as soon as they dump me back in the feedlot.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Good ol' table.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "Hymns here! I got hymns here! Get 'em while they're holy! Fresh from God's brain to your mouth!"
"Patty, Selma. What are you doing here?", Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered "Oh, all right."
Homer Simpson responded: "Where's the defibrillator?"
Moe Szyslak said: "Well, I guess I can just keep watching DVDs by following family vans around."
"That's insane! My dad was married to a woman... who left him... because he ignored her needs for decades. My gay dad is gay for gays.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said: "You look tired. Maybe you need some more coffee."
Marge Simpson replied: "Maggie, I can't believe how much stuff your new school sent over!"
Lisa Simpson answered: "MY KITTY DIED ON CHRISTMAS EVE"
Homer Simpson responded "Here you go. Knock yourself out."
"What in the world?" Marge Simpson said.
"Okay, Bart went to the comic book store.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Hear Me Roar -- The Network For Women.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "Bart! Put that down! Guns are very dangerous, and I won't have them in this house."
"So children, put down your answer sheet and drop that number two!", Seymour Skinner answered.
"What was that?", Marge Simpson answered.
"Don't worry, honey. I found us a roofer last night, and you'll never guess where." Homer Simpson answered.
"Well... of course that would be great. But I see myself making an impact... outside the home.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"And ask yourselves, people, who's to blame for all this?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Happy Anniversary, Mom and Dad!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Oh, my good, gray extension cord." Marge Simpson said.
"Knock yourself out.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "Way to go, mom."
Seymour Skinner: "It is, it really really is."
Homer Simpson said: "All right you eggheads! I want a place in this car to put my drink!"
"When are people going to learn -- Democracy doesn't work!" Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "...and that ugly customer was the last Indonesian Rhino on earth."
Lisa Simpson: "Pour me another."
"What are struts?" Homer Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak answered: "I ain't payin'! Two of my shortbreads were broken!"
Homer Simpson responded: "MILHOUSE!"
Lisa Simpson replied "Principal Skinner, you know we have only one agent who stands a chance with those bullies. My brother."
Homer Simpson said: "Oh, these sure are comfortable chairs."
"Linda Lavin?", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Keep sliding."
"I'm learning about owls." Lisa Simpson replied.
"How'd ya know?" Bart Simpson said.
"Once you get past the sister ick, they're fine." Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Thanks, guys!"
"Really? How can you be so sure?", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "A little beer will put out that fire."
Homer Simpson responded: "And Marge, you're pretty great too."
"That's it. I can't take this anymore, Milhouse. I've gotta get the real teachers back." Bart Simpson answered.
"Look on the bright side, Dad. Did you know that the Chinese use the same word for crisis as they do for opportunity?" Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Bart!"
Homer Simpson replied: "You know, Marge, we got a pretty good kid there."
Lisa Simpson answered "It could be anything. It could be a mutant from the nuclear plant."
Lisa Simpson replied "You guys shouldn't laugh at him. Mr. Burns has changed. He's different now."
"Oh, Marge. This is a definite high point for our marriage.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "Kids, I made some lemonade for you."
"The results came back today.", Moe Szyslak answered.
Homer Simpson said "Help me, Flanders!"
Lisa Simpson said "What do your friends call you?"
Homer Simpson answered: "A common misconception."
Lisa Simpson responded: "You don't have to worry about finding dates or dancing."
Bart Simpson: "Yeah! That's what people do in Russia!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Marge! Marge! What's my blood type?"
"Oh my God, I just remembered. It's Chinese New Year!", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "Homer?"
"You can't ask God to kill someone!" Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered "I'll do it!"
"I was at my work station when suddenly..." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Great question. I know you children have never seen your father cry before... Marge, do we have any more gravy?"
Seymour Skinner responded: "No napkin could wipe the crumbs of failure from your mouth."
"So... when can we go back in our house?" Marge Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Smithers, I'm afraid I won't be able to play tonight. My old gimpy knee has gone akimbo again, and..."
"Well, whoever your mysterious donor is, he, or she, really wants you to succeed.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Parking meter?!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Bart, I'll find a way to get you out of this wedding. In the meantime, just say yes, so Lou will be safe -- look how happy he is.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"You honor us.", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Aw, gee, Marge."
"I'll just stick with my beer." Homer Simpson replied.
"This is what you're like when you don't drink!" Marge Simpson responded.
"What a jip.", Homer Simpson replied.
"All right, let's see..." Homer Simpson responded.
"I wouldn't go to jail. The legal owner of this plant would:", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Hey, my husband makes good money, and we can certainly afford...", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "These giant vegetables are amazing."
Homer Simpson said: "A prop knife!"
Homer Simpson said "Sorry, pal..."
"Oh yeah? Well ." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Whoops. Sorry, I wasn't paying attention."
"Oh, I hate press conferences." Homer Simpson said.
"AWWWW." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Those boys of mine.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"So you're the brown nosed reindeer that's jingled all the way to the top." Lisa Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders responded "Homer, I-I'd love to chitty-chat, but tonight's the night I do my charity work."
"Lisa, a guy who has lots of ivory is less likely to hurt Stampy than a guy whose ivory supplies are low." Homer Simpson responded.
"Night terrors, ma'am." Bart Simpson replied.
"Must... protect... sugar... Thieves everywhere... The strong must protect the sweet... the sweet" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Marge, my brain is like a computer, and I file away Grampa's stories in a very special place."
"Sir, as a complexion scientist, I must advise you against using any more. This is the most powerful hydrator we sell.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "I think it's staying down. It's staying down! It's not staying down."
Homer Simpson answered "Not if we hire more men. And my men will do all your messy jobs. They'll wash your car, scrub your shower, air out your stinkables..."
Bart Simpson answered "Oh, okay. See you later then."
Bart Simpson answered "Yes."
"Now that Mr. Burns has eliminated the drug plan, we're gonna have to cut back on our diseases.", Marge Simpson answered.
"What kind of person, indeed?" Bart Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "No, no, no, I really want to give the lovable scamp a good home."
Lisa Simpson said "/ Wow."
"I got a baseball glove!" Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "Leave me alone! It's not my fault there's nothing good to eat on this planet except meat!"
"Why, Bart, why?", Marge Simpson said.
"He's gradually getting away, Chief.", Seymour Skinner said.
"It's his skull. It's hypnotic!", Ned Flanders replied.
"Are you sure you wanna do this so fast?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Say, is your butt numb from all this vibrating? Mine is. Still, I wouldn't describe it as unpleasant. Well, let's get some shut-eye." Homer Simpson replied.
"It's wall-to-wall landmarks -- the Williamsburg Bridge! Fourth Avenue! Governor's Island!" Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "After we finish watching the movie."
"Stupid welcoming mint! Y'ello." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "Wake up, everyone. We're almost there."
Marge Simpson responded: "Well, you may not look like Ted Bessell, but you're just as nice."
"That's it! Here's your ring back.", Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Oh great! Here comes the haggling!"
"Oh, I know I need to pay them. But there's just so many.", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "Relax, Lis. Dad and I always have a Plan B."
Homer Simpson said "Oh, don't worry about that, boy. He's already out on bail. Well, I'm off to work."
"Dad--" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Mom! Dad! Look, this biography of Peter Uebberoth is only ninety-nine cents! And I found the new Al Gore book!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "Interesting means no... Milhouse, you're a genius!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Aw, come on, Marge. You said you'd sleep on it."
Marge Simpson: "Do you have to make such an unholy racket?"
Homer Simpson answered "Now who's the dean?"
Homer Simpson said: "Yeah, well while I'm gone, you'll do what he says."
Homer Simpson said: "All right. Just wake me up."
"Kids, please leave the room. I don't want you to see this.", Homer Simpson responded.
"I'll kill you! You son-of-a--- Don't look hurt. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "Dad, do you think I'm ugly?"
Ned Flanders responded "Uh oh."
"Maggie. Honey, this is for your own good. Growing up means giving up everything that makes you happy." Marge Simpson said.
"We'd like to dedicate this next number to a very special woman. She's 100 years old, and she weighs over 200... ... tons.", Homer Simpson said.
"SO IF YOU GO FOR OYSTERS AND I GO FOR ERSTERS, I'LL ORDER OYSTERS AND CANCEL THE ERSTERS / FOR WE KNOW WE NEED EACH OTHER SO WE / BETTER CALL THE CALLING OFF OFF, / LET'S CALL THE WHOLE THING OOOOOFFF!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Fifty cents? Not likely." Homer Simpson responded.
"That's it, men! Pave and tar the way God intended!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Thirty days!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Okay, here goes..." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Well, the fiend who did this to my boy is my boss. And besides, the doctor says it's just a bump on the head and a broken toe. Nothing serious."
"Yeah, so we've already heard stories from thousands of years ago, about stuff that didn't happen.", Bart Simpson replied.
"I'll show you all. I'm gonna spearhead the hell out of this expansion bid!" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Watch out!"
Homer Simpson responded "It's a miracle!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "Mom, what are you doing?"
"So they're transferring him to another hospital.", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Here it is: 1501 East Oak. No name on the door -- very trendy."
"Nothing.", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Piece of cake. All we have to do is follow the path of destruction."
Bart Simpson replied: "Ow!"
"Ye-esss...", Homer Simpson said.
"Oh well, you snooze you lose. But uh, can I have my photo albums back?" Ned Flanders answered.
Ned Flanders: "I withdraw my... diddily..."
"Yes, it would be nice if he'd buy American, but what are ya gonna do?" Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied "Really? Who?"
"That's it, kids. Suckle Daddy's sugar ball." Homer Simpson answered.
"I guess I learned something here. God is capable of great anger and great mercy. But mostly great anger." Homer Simpson responded.
"Why shouldn't I be happy? It's a beautiful day, my homework is done, I've got my mojo workin' and we're goin' on a field trip this afternoon." Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "He must have taken a job in the West Springfield oil patch. That's practically a death sentence!"
"Legally, I can't say.", Moe Szyslak said.
"...honey. You know, this could be fun. Race you to the kitchen, my little tether ball.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Mmm... soggy br--"
"Sister weenie." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, Marge, you saved me!"
"Usher! Will you stop that person who's shushing?!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Juvie?! Please Judge, you can't... I-I'll do anything! I'll squeal on my dad -- he's been up to bad things. Crap you'VE never even thought of." Bart Simpson said.
"What's wrong with you people? Let's show some spirit! Come on, get up!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Happy birthday, son!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Well, I am proud of my light.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"And there weren't any Jewish cowboys." Lisa Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak responded: "Hey, I'll give you something to cry about, ya loser! You can't catch a football?! Let's see if you can catch a rock!"
"Marge?!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "YOU'RE A HERO, HOMER J. / YOU'RE AS CRAFTY AS A SKUNK / THEY'LL THANK YOU IN THE MORNING FOR STEALING FLANDERS' JUNK / HOMER JAAAAAY! / You're a double-bacon genius-burger... AND JUST A LITTLE DRUNK."
Bart Simpson said "Can't you stop it, Dad?"
"Who are we?" Ned Flanders said.
"Oh yes they were! We deliberately chose a Doctor Stork so we could say it without lying.", Ned Flanders answered.
"All right, the mall!" Bart Simpson responded.
"No, no, no, no, the other one." Marge Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Oooh! See you tomorrow night, Simpson."
Lisa Simpson answered "One thing I've always wondered: how can Fox News be so conservative, when the Fox network keeps airing raunchy shows? They don't fit together."
"What?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Hey..." Bart Simpson answered.
"Why didn't you tell me you felt this way?" Marge Simpson answered.
"Homer, please. We've never thrown a party. Now we're gonna pay back all the friends who've invited us to their homes." Marge Simpson responded.
"I can start working on my school video project. The assignment is to film the beauty of the everyday. So let's see..." Lisa Simpson responded.
"I've set up a trust. It bypasses the inheritance tax.", Bart Simpson responded.
"I've never disobeyed Mom before. Is this a step I'm really willing to take? I don't know. The more I think about it, the..." Lisa Simpson replied.
"They made us!", Bart Simpson said.
"But my new idea is different. I think we should hold a film festival and give out prizes." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Hi, honey!"
"I'm having chest pains!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Hm..." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded "Hey, will you guys sign my yearbook?"
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Hmm. Well, I suppose this one looks a bit like me..."
"That caterpillar is screaming.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "I'll take it!"
Marge Simpson responded: "Besides that!"
Homer Simpson said "She's startin' to give."
Bart Simpson responded "Not really -- I was trying to bounce it off your left testie."
Ned Flanders replied "Well, not, not my cup of..."
Marge Simpson said: "Not really. They just had corn on them. Kitchen -- corn."
"Okay." Bart Simpson responded.
"But... neither, I mean we're both... I mean, you have to do it too.", Ned Flanders answered.
"Well maybe if Mom didn't make such dry waffles. There, I said it!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Sucker." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Okay, if the doctor asks why you cut it off, you caught me in bed with four beautiful women."
Homer Simpson said: "Hmm. Makes sense."
Bart Simpson responded: "The Krusty Show sucks now. It's all pink and princessy. Why are great things always ruined by women? The Army... the Fantastic Four... think how awesome American Idol would be with just Simon and Randy!"
"If it would win you back, I would gradually eat all the parts of a motorcycle. I hope it doesn't come to that. Could you please just give me a sign that you still love me a little?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Enjoy your jerky, little critters, and one day you'll grow up to be people. Bart, get some more jerky for man's new best friend.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "Double upgrade!"
"Ewww. It's not like in cartoons." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "No wonder she hates me. I never even noticed that she was alive."
"Oh, Marge, I'm sorry. I can't make it." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded "But it's all trash."
"Marge! I've got a new job! It's with Globex Corporation. I get more money plus health benefits, for me and my life partner. And they'll move us and give us a nice house and...", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "He left his briefcase. Hey! It's full of shredded newspapers."
"And on your way out, remove all the fillings you got under our dental plan." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Bart Simpson replied "Thanks, Seymour."
Bart Simpson said "One senior citizen and one Chief Justice of the Supreme Court."
"All right, eighties party! Where's the beef? Tear down that wall! Because I think the beef is behind that wall!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Wow, a side of dad I've never seen.", Bart Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak answered "When we were kids, our dads used to get drunk and make us fight each other."
Bart Simpson responded: "Oh Lis, thank you."
"No." Homer Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders replied "Electric guitars in church? Oh, my gosh. Some dropouts must have overpowered the Reverend!"
"Is there any better feeling than waiting for a live Krusty show to start?" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "See ya in a week."
"We've crushed her gentle spirit.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "I call the basement."
Lisa Simpson responded: "The Fat in the Hat!"
Bart Simpson said "My wiffle balls, my frisbees, my water rockets... I've hit the jackpot!"
Bart Simpson said "A teddy bear?"
Homer Simpson responded "Don't tell my wife."
Bart Simpson replied "I just buckled down and studied."
Bart Simpson: "No, thanks. Who's that?"
"Well, thanks for making me feel better, knowing that your screams when the zombies chomp your brains will warn me so I can get away.", Bart Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak said "Hey, Homer... what if you got back one of those samples you sold years ago at the Shelbyville Sperm Bank?"
Bart Simpson replied: "Definitely. Well, crazy about carjacking."
"They'll be here any minute!", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Hey, I call first bedsies!", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "I'll show you who Charlene is! Now start hating!"
"How's Dad, today?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Who are you?" Homer Simpson answered.
"Edna, let's go." Seymour Skinner responded.
"No, a Van Dyke has a mustache, doesn't it?", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Geek leak!", Bart Simpson replied.
"Oh. Well, I'm glad to see my ex-partner is doing so well without me.", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "It's so rigid and uncreative."
"No, of course not. Now aim for your mother's heart.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Y'ello!... Hey, Moe. We're watching you on TV."
"Sure." Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "No he doesn't. Trains are regulated by the Federal Department of Transportation. And recent studies have shown that..."
Marge Simpson answered: "I think it is!"
C. Montgomery Burns: "Look, we know you bought the tombstone. We know the fugitive visited that tombstone. Whose tombstone was it?!"
"You're right. I asked for a miracle and I got it. I gotta study, man." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, yeah, uh, I was at the flower shop today, too. Yup, gettin' drunk at the ol' flower shop."
Marge Simpson responded: "I know! And I don't want him to stray from anything except his diet. And I don't really want him to do that."
"Mmm, melon collie.", Homer Simpson responded.
"No.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"I see Mom!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Ohh... Geez, I just wanted to escape." Homer Simpson answered.
"They'd work much better without the padding, Doc." Bart Simpson replied.
"Excellent." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"That's-usually-true-but-in-this-case-it's-not." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Yeah, let me guess. You're probably gonna do something boneheaded like try to talk me outta seein' Edna.", Ned Flanders replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Boy, you sure have married a lot of super-hunks."
Homer Simpson replied: "I have eyes, don't I?"
Lisa Simpson responded: "So Bart, when does the killing start?"
"Oh, yeah. Now I remember it like it was yesterday...", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "Dye! Dye! DYE!"
Marge Simpson: "That adult Etch-A-Sketch certainly has brightened your mood."
Homer Simpson answered: "Ooo, an awesome accident! Easy, easy... I'll just take three seconds to gawk. Aw, everyone's okay."
"Correct. Now we all know the thirteen stripes are for good luck. But why does the American flag have precisely 47 stars?", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "HOT DOGS / ARMOUR HOT DOGS..."
"Man, who are these belts made for, French supermodels?", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Bart!"
"Can I have some ice cream? I finished my pizza." Homer Simpson said.
"Hey, that's not me!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Who spread garbage all over Flanders' yard before I got a chance to?" Homer Simpson said.
"Eh, I should go.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "Jeez Louise. Are you okay?"
"Man, Moe's barely got two nickels to rub together." Homer Simpson replied.
"You're the worst husband in the world!", Marge Simpson replied.
"Nothing's more powerful than a mother's love.", Marge Simpson responded.
"By the way, nice job installing this wall-chart bracket. If the kids ask, I did it." Homer Simpson said.
"And the peanuts in your mouth." Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, it is not! Watch me.", Marge Simpson said.
"It was worth it." Homer Simpson said.
"Uh, well sir, I uh..." Seymour Skinner said.
"'Morning, Roy!" Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "My husband by my side."
"Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!" Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Boy Discovers Comet."
Bart Simpson replied "You made a movie?"
"What have you done, you clumsy little ox?! That cake was for your deaf sister!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Don't worry, Marge. I'll find out what he's up to. Kids shouldn't have secrets."
"So there's a chance I actually won! I've got to dig up that ballot box!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Or from your point of view, M and S... Maggie Simpson.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Aw, geez... really ya think so? All right, give 'em back. Come on, everybody give 'em back." Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "I'll make it up to you, Marge, I swear."
"I won't get what I really want" C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Cullen, Rayburn, Narz, Trebek!" Bart Simpson said.
"Stop! Don't recycle! It's murder! You're helping Mr. Burns!", Lisa Simpson said.
"What conversation?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Ayyy!" Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, that's just a paranoid fantasy." Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "This is evidence."
Seymour Skinner answered "Young lady, cow hearts belong in a butcher's window, not the classroom. Well, maybe in an older student's biology classroom, but that's none of my business. Elementary school is where I wound up and it's too late to do anything about that. Frankly, I'm starting to regret skipping you ahead."
Bart Simpson replied "These rubes in robes haven't met the likes of Bart Simpson before."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Noooo!!"
Homer Simpson said: "No, MY COOKIE!"
Marge Simpson answered: "And I realize it's wrong to try to live your career dreams through your children."
"I always thought that was just a slogan to attract small businesses. But now I know it's the truth.", Marge Simpson responded.
"But that's where we live -- a dam.", Bart Simpson said.
"Every time you wake us up early in the morning, it's either church or we have to change our identities.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "Oh, Bart, not again... Give it to me."
Marge Simpson: "Please, Homer. Why do I always have to be the bad guy?"
"Mr. Mayor, I hate to break it to you, but your city is infested with bears." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Hey, up here! You've gotta see this!"
"Slivered almonds for the green beans! I'll be right back.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson: "Become like an uncarved stone."
Homer Simpson said "They'll love you just as much as I do."
"Oh, Homer. Are you rounding up immigrants?", Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "Dad, you bought that, because it was full of gummy worms."
Homer Simpson: "Wow."
Marge Simpson said "Mr. Burns, you want to see me?"
Moe Szyslak replied "Homer, get outta here."
"Oh yeah? How dumb do you think I --" Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "Just because I have Milhouse back, doesn't mean I haven't learned a few things about being a brother."
Homer Simpson: "Aw, thank God! Now we can stop holding it in."
Bart Simpson responded: "Beats me, but the guy dancing with her is my Pop."
"Yes, let's.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Bart, your soul is the only part of you that lasts forever. For five dollars, Milhouse could own you for a zillion years.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "These monsters are destroying everything and everyone we hold dear! And you kids should have jackets on."
Bart Simpson said "Mom, can I have some money?"
"Stupid Moe... non-inventing... recipe stealing... pug-nosed...", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "You stay away from Lenny. And where's your sweater, Bart?"
Bart Simpson replied "No I mean it. It really hurts!"
Marge Simpson replied "...to be called up whenever and for whatever reason I desire."
Bart Simpson answered "Uh-oh. His weak spot is now his strongest point."
"Bart!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Ah, the Gammills. Good to see you." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Ned Flanders responded: "I'm trying... I'm trying..."
"Okay, quit naggin' me. I won't have any beer. Geez, why don't you have a cigarette or something?", Homer Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak replied "Eh, you're better off. Rich people aren't happy. From the day they're born, to the day they die, they think they're happy but, trust me... they ain't."
"I don't know. But it looks like you might have a little competition all of a sudden." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Homer Simpson, smiling politely. You know, my kids think you're the greatest. And thanks to your gloomy music they've finally stopped dreaming of a future I can't possibly provide." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "She knows what time dinner is."
"Rusty the Clown?! Springfield gets the lamest balloons." Bart Simpson answered.
"The scene of the crime! There must be something here that can clear Dad." Lisa Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "But, I can assure you and the public that there is absolutely no danger whatsoever --"
"Well, I do have this robotic prostate, but you can't see it. Oh, you can.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "I've got more bones than that guy. If you're trying to impress me, you've failed."
Seymour Skinner said: "All right, five hundred days."
"Don't you see? Getting what you want all the time will ultimately leave you unfulfilled and joyless.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"You want to know what I think?" Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded: "I'm sorry, Dad. I couldn't think of a nice way to say America stinks."
Lisa Simpson said "I don't think Dad is accurately portraying Native American life."
Homer Simpson answered "A hundred bucks?"
"Well, that shut me up." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Are you crazy? Let twelve complete strangers live on my lawn?"
"There was an Optics Festival and I wasn't informed? You go now.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Yes, you do! I hope you're happy, Bart! You've RUINED THANKSGIVING!", Marge Simpson answered.
"Wait a minute. Everybody thinks we're at camp this week. We can stay wherever we want." Bart Simpson responded.
"Pie Man is not your father, little girl. I... murdered your father." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson: "Wake up, Dad! Wake up! There was a burglar and he took my saxophone."
"No, Dad. I want to get down. This tire is filthy, and the steel belts are poking me." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Wait! If you banish us, you shall be cursed with a thousand-year drought." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Big Chief Rotten Cheeks Chewing Tobacco...a take-a-penny tray with a quarter in it!"
Seymour Skinner said "Good morning. We have completed the tally of the votes for Class Representative."
"Ah yes. I remember the day we moved in..." Homer Simpson answered.
"Next..." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
"Now wait just a Maude-gone minute, here. I'm through living in the past, and you can see for yourself.", Ned Flanders said.
"It's out there. Deal with it!", Bart Simpson answered.
"In a good marriage, you never say I told you so." Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "Ha-ha, they left without you."
Ned Flanders said: "But Reverend, I need to know. Is God punishing me?"
"Well, sir, if you ask me, somebody up there is trying to tell you that whatever flat tires you've got in your life, God's there, with His little spare, that enables you to drive real slow till you get to the next station." Ned Flanders responded.
Homer Simpson said "I'll explain later. Strad! Come back! I know you're in there!"
Lisa Simpson answered "No, thanks."
Lisa Simpson: "Thanks, Mom."
Homer Simpson answered "Good work, honey. Keep it comin'."
Moe Szyslak answered: "Uh listen, Homer -- I know a guy who fixes things for folks who need things fixed. But, uh, I can't talk about it here."
"Part of my new rice wine promotion." Moe Szyslak answered.
Homer Simpson said "Bart!? What the hell are you doing in there?!"
Bart Simpson answered "Hey, Lis. Wanna join us?"
Homer Simpson replied "Now for the actual horse whispering."
C. Montgomery Burns said "Smithers, this reminds me of that fat man I used to ride to work."
"Oh, yeah, that's the spot. Ohhh... that is perfect.", Bart Simpson said.
"Oh. Well he's always happy. No, wait. He's always mad." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Bob, did you take any breaks yesterday... to kidnap our dad?"
"I've got to warn everybody about Hitler! And get to the ice cream store!", Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Very well, begin the thawing of Jim Nabors."
Homer Simpson: "Do it for your old man, boy!"
Lisa Simpson: "Praying to Buddha, Jesus, Sponge Bob. There's no time to be picky."
"Oh no. You are not taking the children.", Bart Simpson said.
"An academy! I'm attending an academy!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "I'd rather follow the dog. I think he's up to something."
"Nice doorbell. Is it computerized?", Bart Simpson replied.
"The jig is up, Quimby." Seymour Skinner responded.
Bart Simpson answered "Whoa! This is a hospital?"
Homer Simpson: "Who should handle all your dirty jobs?"
"You seem cool. Wanna catch a movie?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Why, you... Here's five you haven't met." Homer Simpson answered.
"Lo-sers!", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Great! Great! Great! How much? How much? How much?"
Homer Simpson answered "Woo hoo! I don't know the difference!"
Marge Simpson replied: "Mopped myself into a corner..."
"Forget school! We have to get to the mesa!" Homer Simpson said.
"Okay, all right, we're safe.", Moe Szyslak answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "A lot of people blow, but no one blows like you."
Bart Simpson answered "TO SHUT THEM DOWN NOW WOULD BE TWISTED,"
"Dad, that was really mean.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded "That's us."
Marge Simpson said: "Bart, you can hear us?"
"No.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Can I leave, Mr. Burns?" Homer Simpson said.
"...our duties as firemen." Homer Simpson replied.
"Can you drive me to Shelbyville Hospital?" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "This is the most fun I've ever had giving you wood."
Marge Simpson replied: "Our anniversary!"
Homer Simpson responded "No way! I'm not gettin' my fingerprints on that train wreck. But if I lose Maggie, I'm oh-for-three. I've gotta get her back."
"How shortened?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said "Sure I would! I can always learn about owls this summer at Bird Camp."
"Wow. You really got it made now, Milhouse. This is living." Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Why does he think Alfred's friends with Batman?"
"Non-dairy?", Lisa Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders replied "No. The church opposes them for some reason."
Lisa Simpson answered "I don't know."
Seymour Skinner replied: "La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la... La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la... La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la..."
Bart Simpson answered: "No!! They'd kill us! Look, we got here on our own, so we can survive here on our own. All we need is money, food, and a way to get home. Follow me."
Homer Simpson: "And if you do it, son, you'll get the same."
Bart Simpson said "Hey Mom, did you save the love letters Dad sent you?"
"Lower and likelier." C. Montgomery Burns said.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "No, I'd still prefer not."
Marge Simpson responded: "Wait just a cotton-swabbing minute! A good man went to a lot of trouble just to impress you! And I went along with it, because I love him to pieces! And you made him look like a fool. Well, I don't want you anywhere near my house!"
Homer Simpson replied "We played Dungeons and Dragons for three hours. Then I was slain by an elf."
"Oh God.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"How's this for a date night?" Homer Simpson said.
"Sweeties, we weren't fighting..." Marge Simpson answered.
"Homer Simpson!", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "You're ruining the earth."
Homer Simpson responded "Flanders, you open that store tomorrow!"
Marge Simpson replied: "Well, honey, I--"
Bart Simpson responded: "Gangway! Gotta poop."
"Thatta boy." Marge Simpson answered.
"Okay.", Bart Simpson replied.
"Yeah, she's the best. Ooo, can you imagine her face on her body?" Homer Simpson said.
"Mrs. Krabappel, I didn't unlock that door.", Bart Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak replied "No! I got nothin' and no one!"
"That's someone who eats plants." Lisa Simpson replied.
"I AM A LINEMAN FOR THE COUNTY Your call is important to us. Please continue to hold. AND I DRIVE THE MAIN ROAD There are... eight... calls ahead of you. AND THE WICHITA LINEMAN IS STILL ON THE LI-LI-LI-LI-LI-LI-LI-LI-LI-LI-LI-LI-LI-LI-LI-LI-LI-LI-LI-LI-LI-LI-LINE!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Hey, Bleeding Gums! I was great! And I owe it all to...", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "For once we're finally gonna catch that mouse!"
Homer Simpson responded "Uh... Oh -- this is a map of nuclear sites around the country. As a safety inspector, I am responsible for changing most of these light bulbs."
Homer Simpson: "What have you done this time, boy?"
Marge Simpson replied: "Oh, Homie. Here the kids have a chance to see a great work of art and instead they're home watching a cat and mouse disembowel each other."
Lisa Simpson said: "Comic Book Guy! Have you seen our Mom?"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Look, in the Swedish public schools, the students grade the teachers on their performance--"
Bart Simpson: "I think I'm gonna call him Stampy."
"Ow! Indian burn!", Lisa Simpson responded.
"Mom! Make him stop!", Lisa Simpson said.
"Juliet's father is the world's foremost John Grisham scholar." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Hop in, Bart, they're gonna let us kill one!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Pfft. It wouldn't have made a difference.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "Well wishing won't make it so. You've got to pull up your diaper, get out there, and be the best damn Barney you can be."
"And these keys are from all my jobs.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "You've got to roll it from the point. Here, let me show you."
Homer Simpson replied: "Wayne!"
"Do we have enough glasses?", Marge Simpson replied.
"We don't need dental floss either, Mom." Bart Simpson responded.
"Homer, I'm glad you're getting exercise, I just wish it wasn't crazy exercise.", Marge Simpson said.
"Please don't kill me." Bart Simpson said.
"Bart, he broke your dog's legs. Grampa, he destroyed your home. And Dad, well, you kind of went berserk when he couldn't remember your name." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Mmm... / Oh... / / ETC.", Seymour Skinner said.
"Do you really think that we can write a song that does that?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Wow! The TV's coin-operated." Bart Simpson responded.
"So Mr. Cooder, how long have you been in the traveling amusement industry?" Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded "What? Nunchuks? Those aren't even Australian."
Lisa Simpson answered: "I'm gonna keep this forever!"
"Dammit! Will you take a check?", Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "But I can kill you!"
Lisa Simpson answered "Friday morning Andrew Lloyd Weber and Elaine Stritch helped us make wallets."
Homer Simpson responded: "Listen. Could I buy a left-handed uh... I don't know, eyelash curler?"
"Yes, honey." Homer Simpson replied.
"Lisa, don't you ruin another Love Day.", Homer Simpson said.
"Hank... Jones.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Kids! Guess what? Mom invited me to your fancy dinner!", Homer Simpson answered.
"I believe this stranger!", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "I'd love to look at SculleryWeek -- if you're through with it."
"I told you kids you were going to send your father to the crazy house." Marge Simpson said.
"I was hoping it'd be money.", Homer Simpson said.
"I doubt it." Moe Szyslak said.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Just take mine. A simple cupcake will bring me no pleasure."
Marge Simpson answered "Look, we're all trying to have dinner. So why don't we just... Psych! Psych! Psych!"
Marge Simpson said: "I can't believe the crazy house would throw out all these forks."
"But Marge, Alan Thicke is throwing knives at Ricardo Montalban." Homer Simpson replied.
"Ah, your first kiss." Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "There he is!"
Lisa Simpson: "What about our dad?!"
"Both sold to me by Apu this morning." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Why you little..."
"Kids, I'll go find your mother." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "It's time I told you about a chapter of my life I hoped would be closed forever. I was on my way to the Harrisburg Coat Outlet to buy an irregular coat. But it required a stopover in New York City."
Marge Simpson said "Ooo."
"Mind your own beeswax!", Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Vincent Price's Egg Magic!"
Marge Simpson replied: "That was a traffic signal."
Marge Simpson replied "Grampa, sssh! I know my mother. If you come on too strong, she's going to get scared away."
Homer Simpson responded: "What?"
"Come on, come on.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Somebody stop her!"
Lisa Simpson said "No thanks."
Homer Simpson responded "Hey Marge, want a thousand dollars?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Yeah, they're not great."
Marge Simpson replied: "Cheer up, sweetie. Maybe we can find the answer in the library!"
"Milhouse, this'll be the biggest dead animal we ever poked with a stick!" Bart Simpson responded.
"I stretch your father's meatloaf with sawdust.", Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson: "Doesn't this family know any songs that aren't commercials?"
"Dad?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "Stupid movie schemes do not work in real life. Mom and Dad have a marriage on the rocks and they need to work through it in therapy to make sure it doesn't shatter."
"No!" Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered "American Applesauce Association?!"
Homer Simpson answered: "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"
Bart Simpson replied "Ah, there's a burst of flavor."
"Ah, whatever. Just give me a Duff." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Really?"
"Aww. So, why are you back in town?", Bart Simpson answered.
"But Mom had to spend all the Christmas money having it surgically removed." Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Cake, will you do me the honor of making my stomach the happiest bag of acid in the world? You will?!"
"Now there's somethin' I gotta tell yez." Moe Szyslak responded.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "They'll see me take it and they'll want some. Yes 'oo will. Yes 'oo will. You little jelly belly."
Homer Simpson answered "Yeah, she's cool."
"Greta, I'm sorry I didn't handle the breakup well. But you're a sweet kid and some day you'll find someone who..." Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "Go on home, Ralph."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Enough with the hose!"
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Ooo, too practical."
"I was hoping I wouldn't have to tell you this, but... I'm afraid your family doesn't want you back.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"You are sooo dead.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Well, congratulations, Homer. Guess this is just my cross to bear.", Ned Flanders responded.
"Damn straight.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "Longer!"
Lisa Simpson replied "Get out!"
"Oh, what the heck, it was Jessica Lovejoy.", Lisa Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "I think I hear a slight accent."
"Hey, everybody! Look, I'm the funniest guy in the world!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "He's gone."
"Hidilly-ho, Dream Team!", Ned Flanders answered.
"Is that enough?", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson: "Now for some real TV."
Marge Simpson responded "Guys, guys, I'm married!"
"Man, they have every entrance covered. You'd have to be a Navy Seal to get in or out.", Bart Simpson said.
"The price is right." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "We did it!"
Homer Simpson answered: "It's a sign!"
Homer Simpson said "Don't worry, I got it!"
Marge Simpson replied "I thought you were fixing my brakes!"
Homer Simpson responded: "What?"
"Hello." Homer Simpson replied.
"Why eat hamburger when you can have steak?", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Effigy, eh? Yeah, nothing burns like an effigy. Hey, that's me!"
"Oh, sorry.", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded: "You changed your name without consulting me?"
Marge Simpson responded "It's hard to believe someone that young could have risen to the rank of Admiral."
"It's my dad. Lying there on the couch drinking a beer, staring at the TV. I've never seen him like that." Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Why didn't you just turn off the oven?"
Bart Simpson answered "Lis, you're a shoo-in."
"Homer, could you at least turn the camera off?", Ned Flanders said.
C. Montgomery Burns: "No! As your financial backer, I insist upon reality. Pharaoh didn't put the sound in later!"
"All right. Tell you what. I'm thinking of a number between one and 50." Homer Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner replied "Oh, there's mother now. Watching me. What's that, mother? They have a right to be here. It's school business. I... Mother, that sailor suit doesn't fit anymore!"
"Field trips to Europe!" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "We'll fake it and sell it to the Fox network."
Homer Simpson answered: "Get out of there. My family needs to use your bomb shelter."
Homer Simpson replied "How 'bout Don Johnson?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Lisa, wait! I know you're only eight years old and I don't wanna put a lot of pressure on you, but you've got to save my marriage."
Bart Simpson: "Maybe so, but from now on, this dimwit is on Easy Street."
Marge Simpson said "Now I really hope we win that contest."
"Falsies.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "How could this have happened? I feel so dirty. Uh.. uh...uh. The dirt's not coming off. Okay. Calm down. This must just be a little typo."
Homer Simpson said: "There's that word again."
Marge Simpson responded: "Homie, Lisa's dancing has made me really, really, happy."
Lisa Simpson: "Keep the change."
"So, come crawling back, eh?" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Marge Simpson said: "I just meant we should split up to get out of this corn maze."
"And if it were up to me, you wouldn't die at all..." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Are you standing up to get me to leave?"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Listen, when you see what's inside this..."
Marge Simpson said: "Oh, that's ancient history. Ooh, here's my paper on ancient history."
"What are you laughing at, Dad?" Lisa Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner replied "I caught your son defacing school property this morning. We estimate the damage at seventy-five dollars and, frankly, we think it's terribly unfair that other taxpayers should foot the bill."
Moe Szyslak replied "Ah, they think they're so high and mighty, just 'cause they never got caught drivin' without pants."
Seymour Skinner said: "I know a liquor store where we can cash this right now."
"He froze himself because he was sick, and there was no cure.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "No, there's a badger in there."
"But-but-but..." Ned Flanders replied.
"The hospital?" Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "Marge, if you're watching this, then it means I've figured out how to work the camera. Last night I crashed a certain fake prom. That's right, Artie Ziff's fake prom."
"A spitwad?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"What's the problem, boy?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Tracking software? You're spying on Bart!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "Thanks, Mr. Beck. I was alone out there, but someone was riding with me in spirit... This is for you, Dad."
Bart Simpson answered "Hm. I guess that we don't have to go to school."
"Happy birthday dad! / Happy Birthday Grampa!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"You found my baby. Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you!", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered "I'm worried Homer might do the same thing. What would make a husband lose interest like that?"
Homer Simpson answered: "Apparently, old folks homes are full of people that used to be things. Just like you and me. Swear to God."
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh, our little girl's got her own cheering section!"
Homer Simpson said: "Marge, I need a small favor. For the next few days, will you pretend to be Apu's wife?"
Ned Flanders answered: "Maude, it's a miracle! The Lord has drowned the wicked and spared the righteous!"
"She took me to a mall and I never saw her again. But I'll never forget that image of her bolting for the parking lot.", Moe Szyslak answered.
"Mom, I need more O.J." Lisa Simpson replied.
"And it's not even Ladies Night.", Moe Szyslak said.
"So it's Mondays at nine, on NBC." Homer Simpson said.
"Bart, I wanna ask you about something I read in a magazine. Are you boys cyberbullying each other?", Homer Simpson said.
"I know you're upset right now, so I'll pretend you didn't say that.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "Oh! They're here! How does everything look?"
"Milhouse! What's seven in Roman Numerals?", Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "We can't afford Christmas. And when you can't afford Christmas, you've failed as a family. That's what all the big stores say."
Homer Simpson answered: "Femmmmm! Wah! Gnnn! Hrmmerhrr!"
"Thank you.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Caps and frisbees, sir."
"Ewww!" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Aw, what happened now? Did the rubble burn down?", Ned Flanders responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Yes!"
Homer Simpson replied "Hey! I'm doing it! I'm doing it! I'm the greatest clown in the world!"
Moe Szyslak said: "Is it my religion? 'Cause I am a snake handler, but not an observant one. If we have kids, they just have to have a ceremony with a cobra by age three so grandfather will be happy."
Homer Simpson said "Stationary camera."
"Bart, would you go to your room while your father and I finish our little talk?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Is this car $15,000?", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "Ohh, so you don't have a date. You can still go and have a wonderful time."
Moe Szyslak answered "What?! Oh. I'm Sorry. Sorry."
"Stop! Leave Milhouse alone! Help me out here, Bart." Lisa Simpson responded.
"What is it, honey?" Marge Simpson responded.
"There ya go! That's the spirit! Homer, I seen prizefighters couldn't take a punch half as good as you! Y'know, boxing might be right up your alley!" Moe Szyslak replied.
"Songwriters who are stuck!" Homer Simpson said.
"Uhh... Yes! Yes! East Oak Street. That's where you should go. See ya there!", Marge Simpson replied.
"Still, I can't be sure I killed her." Seymour Skinner answered.
"Don't worry, he'll be here." Marge Simpson said.
"Married to Jesus, eh? Does he beat her?", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Hm, hey, Martin." Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson: "Actually, there are four plusses."
"Is it some place I have to put on a tie?" Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "The benefit concert!"
"Hey, the batteries are missing from this thing." Bart Simpson responded.
"Because I'm trying to reduce my boredom.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Mr. Simpson, do you think it's appropriate for a ten-year-old boy to steal a beer with intent to kiss?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "What did you say, son?"
Marge Simpson said "Homie, I don't think our marriage is so Jim Dandy that we should be counseling others."
"DON'T HAVE... A COW MAN / DON'T HAVE... A COW MAN / DON'T HAVE... A COW MAN / HAVE A PIECE OF FISH! Oy!" Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Stay in the boat, Homer."
"What, it's your birthday, too?", Moe Szyslak answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Point zero eight sober."
Homer Simpson answered: "Thanks, boy. Hey, for old time's sake, you wanna drive me around while I sing public domain songs out the window?"
"You gotta get me closer, Chief!" Homer Simpson replied.
"My new best friend. We think alike, we act alike, we finish each other's sandwiches..." Homer Simpson said.
"Well then, eh, tell the children how hard you studied in school to get where you are today.", Seymour Skinner replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Look, look. I can see you're upset. If you need me, I'll be at Moe's."
"Bart, don't use the touch of death on your sister.", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded: "Couldn't you have just turned up the heat a little?"
Bart Simpson responded: "No, it's not about you."
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Smithers, there's something strange in his mouth."
Homer Simpson answered "Geez, what happened to you, Wiggum? You look terrible."
Marge Simpson said: "But her teacher, Mr. Ellsworth Toohey, wanted every child to conform."
Homer Simpson answered: "Cool, an ambulance from the '60s! I bet a lotta hippies were denied care in this thing. Injured hippies!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Oooh? Hiding behind your goons, eh, Bush? Oooh! Well, you are a wimp."
"Because I didn't want him finding out about the party. I mean, he's okay, but you know he'd bring Sarah, and I just don't care for that woman." Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Samurai Shampoo Blast!"
Homer Simpson: "No."
Ned Flanders: "Oooh, yes indeedy, Homer. Looks like they're settling in for a long stay."
"The point, Dad, is that when you take revenge, you become just as bad as the person you harm." Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "Uh... toys?"
Homer Simpson said "I'll bash him with this book!"
"Um, how long have you two been married?" Marge Simpson answered.
"I'll call you back!" Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "No."
Bart Simpson: "I'll save you!"
"What's that coming out of the safe?" Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "What does that mean? You're sharpening it?"
Lisa Simpson replied "Are you really, really sure?"
"Uh, Superintendent Chalmers! What's wrong?!" Seymour Skinner answered.
"The can is in two halves, and they slide apart.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Man -- everyone has a snow day but us.", Homer Simpson said.
"Ooh, sounds spine-tingly-dingling. Just promise you'll have a good time." Ned Flanders replied.
"Marge! The kids are on!" Homer Simpson answered.
"One hundred and one thousand!", Ned Flanders answered.
"But Reverend... Scriptural scholars disagree on the significance for Christians of many of the Old Testament's proscriptions.", Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "I'm coming!"
"But we were a team!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Bart!"
"Set a course for B-7.", Bart Simpson said.
"ALL RIGHT MARGE, YOU'VE CONVINCED ME, THERE ARE MORE TERRIBLE THINGS / THAN MUSICAL COMEDIES WHERE EVERYONE SINGS.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "What? What is it? What are you doing?"
"I'll just get her this bracelet.", Marge Simpson said.
"What did those women expect? When you sign a contract with Fox, you know you're gonna be betrayed and humiliated.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Marge, there's a spider near my car keys."
"I carry my own.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "Burly?! I bought the wrong brand, Maggie!"
"Aww, Dad, I just got a little twinge in my heart.", Lisa Simpson said.
"No problemo." Homer Simpson responded.
"Homer, listen to me. For a long time now I've been lookin' over the fence at that wonderful relationship you have with Marge. Then I remember what it was like to have a sweet woman of my own lying in a twin bed across the hall from mine." Ned Flanders responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Hey, stop shoving! I'm Max Power!"
Marge Simpson responded: "As for you, young man: the next time you save your principal, try not to risk your own life."
Bart Simpson answered: "You wrote me those letters."
Homer Simpson answered: "Hey, this was a lot of fun, guys."
"Let's see, the RV dealership is across the freeway on the corner of... hey, this is a Flintstones Fun Map.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"And these two are gifts for my nephews. Tally ho!" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Instead of concentrating on dying, we're going to concentrate on living." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Listen lady, I can leave without screaming, and I can leave without saying a bad word, but there's no way that I am saying thank you."
Homer Simpson said: "Not as such, no."
Marge Simpson replied: "Homer!"
Marge Simpson answered "What floozies? What are you talking..."
"Itchy The Lucky Mouse In: Manhattan Madness." Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "I'm afraid so."
Homer Simpson responded: "Hey Moe, hey Moe-clone."
"Principal Skinner, remember how I didn't sue when I found that scorpion in my applesauce? Well, I'm calling in a favor." Lisa Simpson replied.
"But Mom--", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Well, son. I guess it's time to go home."
"Not now. Take out that pillow and put it in room three." Marge Simpson replied.
"Since when do I listen to cakes?" Homer Simpson said.
"Yes, back to normal.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "I wonder how that happened?"
"She cleaned out the attic!" Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Fine."
Marge Simpson responded: "We let you in thirty-two years ago and it's brought us nothing but pain."
Marge Simpson replied: "Homer, I've been talking to Lisa and I'm concerned about your relationship with her."
"Yes. My attorneys have advised me to pay you for running over your child. So I'm cutting you a check." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Next item on the agenda..." Seymour Skinner responded.
"Can we sleep with you?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "What are you pointing at? The ocean?"
Homer Simpson replied "Ugh, it's warm."
Homer Simpson replied: "Yeah, we're heroes... But where's our parade?"
Bart Simpson responded: "Hear that, Dad? You can lie around in your underwear and scratch yourself."
Moe Szyslak: "What d'ya call this?"
Bart Simpson said: "Oh, Miss Albright."
Moe Szyslak responded: "Oh, wait a minute. Listen, you little scum-sucking pus-bucket. When I get my hands on you, I'm gonna pull out your eyeballs with a corkscrew."
"JUST HEAR THOSE SLEIGH BELLS JINGLING / RING-TING-TINGLING TOO..." Lisa Simpson replied.
"This is gonna cost me.", Homer Simpson replied.
"No, I don't see Dad doing all that paperwork." Lisa Simpson said.
"TAKE ME TO THE HOTEL / MY HANDS ARE ON A GUY'S ASS / BOY THIS DUDE MUST WORK OUT...", Homer Simpson answered.
"Bart, at this school, I'm not a brain, I'm not popular, I'm not anything!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Help! Help! I'm drowning!"
"What?", Lisa Simpson answered.
"That's it, young man. You're coming with me..." Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "When you get to third base, I'll buy ya a beer."
Bart Simpson responded: "One months detention... She'll pay for this. Yup, there's your problem... someone jammed a Malibu Stacy head down here."
"School will be fun!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Homer, I don't want to leave Springfield. I've dug myself into a happy little rut here and I'm not about to hoist myself out of it." Marge Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Ho, ho, ho. Merry Fish-mas!"
C. Montgomery Burns said "Pass. I've already lifted this thing once today. I'm not Hercules!"
Lisa Simpson: "Let's see... Crusty sores..."
"I already knew that, Dad. I'm gonna blame you.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Let me just put on some romantic music.", Homer Simpson said.
"I promised my boy one simple thing: Lots of riches. And that man broke my promise. Well, I've had it! Bart, take a letter.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Well, there's no house to put it in, Homer, not since that nice fellow from the bank, who was only doing his job, came and locked it up.", Ned Flanders said.
"Oh cheer up, Homer. The drinks are on Lenny." Moe Szyslak replied.
"Hey, you should see how much trouble Dad's having shaving with a straight razor." Bart Simpson responded.
"Oh, I thought I'd check out the Warner Brothers Network." Bart Simpson responded.
"Hi. I'm Bart Simpson. I was incredibly moved by your reading. I don't think God's words have ever sounded so plausible.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Well then, you might as well stay with us. We serve the same meat the prisons do!"
Homer Simpson answered: "I can still see your movies, right?"
"What?", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Marge. They're only space mutants."
"Hey, this is one of those dirty websites." Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "And don't worry, all the laundry and dirty dishes'll be there when you get back."
"Bathroom?", Bart Simpson responded.
"You're right. I've gotta straighten this out.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Can we go, Dad? / Please Dad? / Please, please, please? / Can we go, huh, huh please? /" Lisa Simpson answered.
"I guess that's it. These animals are all gonna die." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "I had to sell it for gas money."
"Fine. As soon as I finish watching my show.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Uh-oh." Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "Oh, really?"
Bart Simpson said: "Yours."
Marge Simpson responded "My next-door neighbor? Religious guy?"
Homer Simpson replied: "So, what can't people do in modern Ireland?"
Marge Simpson responded: "How could you not tell me this is an erotic bakery?!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Look at those poor saps back on land. With their laws and ethics. They'll never know the simple joys of a monkey knife fight."
Homer Simpson said: "Why should we let this election be influenced by a photo taken hours ago?"
"Noooo!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "I could light these, but, it wouldn't be the same."
Bart Simpson responded: "Someone swiped my piggy bank."
"Here are the numbers for the police, fire, ambulance, poison control, burn clinic, and people nearby with Rod and Todd's blood type.", Ned Flanders said.
"Leave Homer?" Marge Simpson replied.
"That's for my master to decide.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Woo-hoo!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Hm, I guess we'll have to take the kids with us to dinner.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Oh, Homie...", Marge Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Mom, Dad, thank God you're okay."
Marge Simpson replied "Bart! Lisa! If you don't behave, we'll turn this car right around and go home."
"Hm. Well... all right.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Oh, geez. Not this guy, with his stupid little pushcart."
"Ah, who am I kiddin'? I ain't smiled for real since I nailed that rat with the ice pick. Ha, remember that?", Moe Szyslak responded.
Marge Simpson answered "Bart, I've asked you not to whistle that annoying tune."
Homer Simpson answered "Well, your arms are lanky. It's kind of a long trip down there."
"I've got to win this one. I've bribed everyone in Hollywood.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Ooh, baby!"
Homer Simpson said "No... This whole thing is my fault. I've been a lousy dad."
Homer Simpson answered: "C'mon, Marge. This place is great. Free admission, great grub and we got to use the bathroom of the future."
Homer Simpson replied "Who the hell is that? Some kind of leader?"
"So, Twiggy, I hear you and your husband Woody just had a baby. What did you name him?" Marge Simpson answered.
"You, stupid...", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "Yeah Marge, it looks like you got the last perfect man. Oh uh, by the way... can I borrow your car tomorrow? Mine's acting up."
Homer Simpson responded: "Y'ello."
"And Bart isn't doing very well either. He needs boundaries, and structure. There's something about flying a kite at night that's so unwholesome." Marge Simpson answered.
"So, uh, what's your hurry to get to school?" Bart Simpson responded.
"I just don't understand what the problem is.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered: "That's it! I'm calling my buddies. Marge is not the only one who can have a girls' night out."
"Okay, send the truck.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Woo hoo!"
"Nice touch." Seymour Skinner replied.
"Oh, he just wants to make friends.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Cheer up. So you're not good at sports. It's a very small part of life." Marge Simpson said.
"Who?", Seymour Skinner answered.
"If it's not final, who cares?" Homer Simpson replied.
"For this masterpiece I bid...one thousand dollars!", Bart Simpson answered.
"Thanks, boy. I was waiting for someone to say that." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Like all young people, I had a musical dream."
"Oh man, this is priceless, but I can't keep it up. You've still got a college fund." Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "Don't worry, sweetie. Your father won't stay mad forever."
"Damnit!" Homer Simpson replied.
"I'm going to take me home a toilet!" Moe Szyslak answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Stop that. Okay, okay. You win. I'll teach you how to make love to your wife!"
"So Homer, how'd you do?" Marge Simpson replied.
"Yeah, well, we're adding clowns." Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "Sound off!"
Moe Szyslak responded: "Yeah, that's it, slink away."
Bart Simpson responded "Balderdash! Teddy Roosevelt protected America's wildlife!"
Ned Flanders responded "Yeah. Thanks for the tip, Homer..."
"No Bart, no. Do it and you'll always be known as the kid who ate the dead frog.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "I was thinking something more artistic. Something musical. You could take advantage of a fantastic musician living right here!"
Homer Simpson responded "Steak?"
Marge Simpson answered: "Damn these sturdy foreign-built phones!"
"No, why?" Lisa Simpson said.
"Is it done yet? Is it done yet?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh right, we're still doing that." Homer Simpson responded.
"It sounded like you were.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"I knew it! I knew you'd slip up sooner or later, Simpson." Seymour Skinner replied.
"I wasn't laughing -- I was being worried." Marge Simpson said.
"The missing piece of the puzzle... I've got it!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered: "Oh, I am so bored."
"I am. I'd be glad to spearhead the entire begging initiative.", Homer Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders: "Perhaps I can be of some assistance."
"Yes. Yes! Got it!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Well, he better high-five our roof!" Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "But, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but..."
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Ah, he wouldn't even hear me out."
"Oh, great. Anyone have a paper clip?", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Doggone it."
Homer Simpson replied "We are!"
"There! The perfect sheepshank.", Homer Simpson responded.
"What's the matter boy? Don't you know me? I'm your buddy!" Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Hey, yeah."
"C'mon, we're gonna be late to the blooming of the Sumatran Century Flower." Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "Homer!"
Bart Simpson said "Reverend Lovejoy, we need you to help us find a rabbi."
Marge Simpson: "On Main Street, turn right now... / Our Sunday drive is ruined! Hands at ten and two!"
"Thanks for giving me my old job back.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Please, you've gotta help me! If they find me they'll kill me."
Homer Simpson said "I didn't make it?"
"Hey boy! Do you know where the family is? Show me on Mapquest." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Hey, gimme a break. Living through Lisa is the healthiest thing that ever happened to me."
Homer Simpson said: "Yeah, I've gotten a lot of compliments about my talking."
"Fine. What's their number?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders replied "Hey, Simpson."
Homer Simpson answered: "Listen, Gibson, I'm tired of Hollywood pretty boys like you and Jack Valenti thinking you can have any woman you want. You see this?"
"Lisa's the President? I'm a pathetic loser? I gotta be honest: I'm not loving this vision.", Bart Simpson replied.
"He'll sleep tonight.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Stupid TV. Be more funny." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Good work, Dad."
"The water flows down here, through the straightaway, a couple of wicked S-turns..." Homer Simpson replied.
"Sir? That's the kind of respect you'd have to strangle out of an American kid.", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "It's good to have you back with the Simpsons."
"Drop the backpack, Jack.", Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "Don't worry. This is the score we've been dreamin' about. The grease traps in this kitchen have never been emptied."
Bart Simpson answered: "And the winner is... Lisa Simpson!"
Marge Simpson responded "Time for Homer's half-time show. Get ready, Frank."
Marge Simpson replied: "Homie, I'm sorry. I can't. I just keep thinking about everything we're gonna miss. The kids growing up, grandchildren..."
"Oh, this sucks. I am outta here.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Really. Hey, maybe we could do that again. Can you look even more pathetic?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Homer, get up!" Marge Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Hey Bart, last one in the fountain's a rotten egg!"
"For the next three days I'm gonna stick to you like waffle syrup on a shag rug. I'm gonna be on you like fish stink on a Gloucester dog. I'm gonna be all over you like-- Hey, where'd she go?", Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Gotcha!"
"Can you be more specific?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Oh, Lisa, the important thing is, I didn't get my comeuppance, and I never will."
Marge Simpson said: "Well, let's see, after they blindfolded us, it was left, right, left... then a three hour plane ride."
"I think they've learned their lesson already, Lis.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Hey, uh, is Homer there?" Moe Szyslak said.
"Huh. I think we both know the answer to that... a lucky boy.", Seymour Skinner said.
"Oh, sweetie, sometimes a mysterious, invisible being from hell waits for a family to go to sleep then kills them. Now go to bed.", Homer Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Oh, yes."
Marge Simpson said "I don't suppose you'd consider taking your old job back so Homie can go back to his old job?"
Marge Simpson said "You know, Homer, when I found out about this I went through a wide range of emotions. First I was nervous, then anxious, then wary, then apprehensive, then kinda sleepy, then worried, and then concerned. But now I realize that being a spaceman is something you have to do."
Bart Simpson responded: "Dad! Oh Dad!"
Marge Simpson answered: "Lights out, weirdoes!"
Homer Simpson replied "I didn't want them to know my size."
"Dad, I'm going to play soccer." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Marge, guess what! Skinner wants to bail on his wedding!" Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said: "That's not gonna protect us from anything."
"Isn't there anything we can do?", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Marge, I know you didn't believe me about the vending machines. That's why I had the fireman write me a note."
"I call President!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Hmm. So mother was right -- it was my fault. Go ahead, water it down some more." Seymour Skinner said.
Marge Simpson answered "Owww."
"Eh? Eh? Eh?", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "Well then, I'd like to speak with Jesus."
"Chins up, Homer. You don't need a theater to watch the movie. You just have to illegally download it." Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said "I'm sorry, Bart. But if you got hurt or died, despite the extra attention I'd receive, I'd miss you."
Homer Simpson answered "Now, I'm afraid it's time to start your new life. You'll be hunted... on the run... searching for the man who killed your mother, which is you. So avoid mirrors."
Marge Simpson responded: "No, no, that's just our old Christmas decorations."
Homer Simpson replied: "Why must I be so voluptuous?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Ha! Smart move. Soon the whole world will be lining up to suck my nose. After I make my new client a star."
"Overdue book?! This is the biggest frame-up since O.J. Wait a minute... blood in the Bronco... the cuts on his hand... those Jay Leno monologues... Oh my God, he did it!" Homer Simpson said.
"What are you gonna say?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Hm.", Homer Simpson said.
"Time has passed. Children play in the streets. At night, there is music and laughter." Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said: "Wait, Milhouse! Don't go! You're my best friend."
"Prepare to be boarded!", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Smithers, do you realize, if I had died there would be no one to carry on my legacy? Due to my hectic schedule and lethargic sperm, I never fathered an heir. Now I have no one to leave my enormous fortune to. No one.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Maybe he just doesn't take us seriously 'cause we're kids. Let's put a grownup's name on it.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Headshot! / Headshot! / Ooh, right in the carrot! / Headshot!" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Never! It was a gift from Newsweek!"
Bart Simpson: "Uh oh."
Homer Simpson responded "Oh, there's the Frisbee."
"No it isn't. It's totally inaccurate--", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Family, eh? That's right, your brother is Bart Simpson, one of Mrs. Krabappel's fourth graders. And your father is a local character of note.", Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson responded "That's one way to avoid drunk driving."
Homer Simpson responded "Woo-hoo! Our boss is our best buddy!"
Homer Simpson said: "I think this tree could use an angel."
"What do you have against Santa?" Bart Simpson responded.
"Celibacy?! I was talking about the meat on Friday thing. Man, you guys got more crazy rules than Blockbuster Video." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "Praise the Lord! I'm on the road to recovery."
Bart Simpson said "This can only be good."
"Yoink!" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"You don't feel any pain.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"I feel like celebrating." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Seymour Skinner responded "MS. KRABAPPEL / A SAD PRINCIPAL / IS DESPERATE AND NEEDY / IF YOU COME HOME / I WON'T DIE ALONE / AND THAT'S WHAT I'D PREFER..."
Homer Simpson responded "No way, man No way, man. Get yourself another patsy, man. No way am I wearing a freakin' wire."
Homer Simpson replied: "Now, I can return to Ithaca, and my sweet wife Penelope."
"Oh my.", Marge Simpson said.
"Boy, those Germans have a word for everything." Homer Simpson said.
"This list is from six years ago." Marge Simpson answered.
"Stop it! Where's the silver tongue?!", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Love you. Love you. Love you.", Homer Simpson answered.
"I did everything for you and you stabbed me in the back." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "Gold bars discovered by Marge? Zero. Gold bars discovered by Homer? Well, let's just see..."
Homer Simpson replied "Get outta here!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Pathetic Flanders. Thinking he can buy people's love with thoughtful gifts."
"What? Who? Huh? What?", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Hm... I could help others. I'll get a bunch of monkeys, dress them up, and make them reenact the Civil War ."
Ned Flanders answered: "Ohhh, why, everything! Policemen, trees, sunshine. And let's not forget the folks who just don't feel like workin', God bless 'em."
Homer Simpson answered: "Don't worry, sweetie. I think I know how to whip up an audience just short of a frenzy."
Bart Simpson answered: "You got Bart!"
Homer Simpson responded "Did you hear that, Santa? She said yes! Yes! Now, back to your cold, airless tomb."
Bart Simpson responded "I'm catching a pass from Dan Marino! This is the greatest moment of my..."
Homer Simpson said: "Hmm... Who could possibly want to stop me from accepting an award?"
"Good line, though." Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "Cool! He tried to kill me!"
"Oh boy! Really?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"I think I'll miss you most of all, Captain Corndog's Schnitzel Palace. No tears, Homer." Homer Simpson replied.
"Hi Zhenya, I'm here for my lesson." Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "Uh-oh."
Homer Simpson said "I'm-so-stupid! I'm-so-stupid!"
"Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh! Great! Listen, I know it looks bad. But all I can tell you is I destroyed that car for all the right reasons.", Homer Simpson said.
"You bumbling fool, I keep telling you I'm looking for a patsy.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Y-y-y-yes."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Oh my God! Bart, Groundskeeper Willie was in my nightmare, too! But he got me with hedge-clippers!"
"You dragged me all the way from work for that?" Homer Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner answered "Well, it looks like our model solar-system will finally get an Earth!"
"Good decision there, Homer. You showed a lot of poise." Moe Szyslak responded.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Martin, anything?"
Lisa Simpson replied "I'm afraid we've awoken a needy giant."
"Homer, it's time people knew the truth: I'm doing the work and I want the credit.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "Well, I guess it's back to college for me. And that means it's time to... What did I teach you guys?"
Lisa Simpson answered: "That's so sad. Maybe we're the same, two lost ships in the intellectual sea, each of whom could inspire the other to..."
Marge Simpson answered "Oh, Homie..."
"Hey, Mom... Dad... there's a whale on the beach... You've gotta help me get her back in the ocean!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"God bless America!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Well, certainly not a caring superintendent.", Seymour Skinner replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Uh-oh."
"And now I'll always be at home in a saloon!", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Lady. Man. Lady. Man. Lady."
"Nooooooo!", Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns said: "Smithers, it's almost game time. Where the devil are my ringers?"
"That's exactly what it means. And Dondelinger took that life away from me. And the taking of a life is murder. And the punishment for murder is... well, it varies from state to state and by race... but I'm gonna find Dondelinger and tell him I know what he did last summer... twenty-two years ago... in the winter!", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "How come bears can crap in the woods and I can't?"
"I just want to call attention to the fact that I'm not watching this fight. It's my form of non-violent protest." Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said "Dad, look! This essence of a wildflower makes these angry scorpions docile!"
"What to do? What to do?", Seymour Skinner answered.
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Now that you've all agreed to reap the windfall of my death, I must return to my large empty mansion to rattle around and await the inevitable... alone."
"But I can't squeal. It would violate the code of the school yard." Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "I hate when I come here and the first word out of my mouth is Homer. But here we go. Again. Homer was converting our dollars to gyros... not the money, the sandwich..."
Seymour Skinner replied "Well, this party is certainly a break in my routine. You know, normally I spend my Saturdays carefully laying out my clothes for the following week, and then I stroll down to the car wash to see if Gus is there..."
Moe Szyslak said: "Well, I guess you'll pine forever for a man who doesn't care, while I just grow old here in this bar."
Lisa Simpson replied "Bart! You need first aid! Let me in!"
Marge Simpson answered "Are you all right, Homer?"
Homer Simpson replied "Hey, you wouldn't say that... unless there was a need to thank you."
Marge Simpson answered "I really should read the whole headline before I react."
"No one likes a know-it-all.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Oh, that's very sweet, Artie." Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "Here's a ten. Make your own card."
Homer Simpson replied "Fingers, fingers, fingers!"
Bart Simpson responded: "Five fingers? Ew, freak show. Listen, Lis. I need some advice and mom's not here."
"Hey Lis, I found a big caramel deposit at the small of her back!" Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Lie in the snow and count to sixty."
"Gap's too small!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Whoa, a solid gold animal cracker.", Bart Simpson said.
"Stop it, both of you! Don't make me drive into that tree! You know I will!" Homer Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak answered "Oh, so you're looking for a Mr. Smithers, eh? First name, Waylon, is it? Listen to me, you... when I catch you, I'm going to pull out your eyes and shove 'em up your pants so you can watch me kick the crap out of you. Okay? Then I'm going to use your tongue to paint my boat."
"That sounds okay..." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Sorry, sometimes I forget." Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "Oh yeah? Well, there's your girlfriend."
"Whoa! Look at those bazooms!", Marge Simpson said.
"Okay Lisa... ...to study in Rome, an applicant needs outstanding grades, check... Uh-oh. Lisa, it says you have to speak fluent Italian.", Seymour Skinner responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Listen, you're a classy lady and a great sushi fighter. But you're goin' in the box."
Bart Simpson said: "Mom... Dad. I'd give a kajillion dollars for you to get back together."
"Thanks for telling me. I was gonna tape it." Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "Krusty, why did you just drop your pants?"
"But who'd know the difference?", Ned Flanders replied.
"Ay carumba.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "So many memories. Aw, look... Knightboat."
Homer Simpson said "It's gonna be awesome!"
"Yeah!" Marge Simpson responded.
"No, Pierce Brosnan. A voice like his would give our house a much-needed touch of class.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "So, workin' hard or hardly workin'?"
Marge Simpson answered "Homer, there's no rear on that thing."
"Ay carumba." Bart Simpson said.
"Where's Maggie?" Marge Simpson responded.
"Get your un-poisoned candy!" Bart Simpson answered.
"The truth is... I'm dying.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"O-Oh! Oh! Homer! How -- could you?" Moe Szyslak replied.
"I don't know how.", Homer Simpson responded.
"The gal I'm stalking had me bumped back to two hundred feet." Moe Szyslak answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "God spoke to me -- I must obey."
Bart Simpson: "Smart, beautiful, and a liar! So much better than that Sarah, plain and tall."
Moe Szyslak: "But she's sweet on the strong man."
Homer Simpson replied "Oh, that's fine then."
Marge Simpson said: "Ye olde toast."
"Are you losing your hearing, or are you just stupid? I am going to explain this to you one more time, and then I am going to hang up on you. It is not my dog. I tied my dog outside myself. I am looking at him right --", Homer Simpson said.
"How the mighty have fallen... into my price range. I wanna go there!", Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns said "I'm in!"
"Thanks, son.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "And what programs would you cut to pay for this precious garden of yours? The new whiffle-bats? Pizza Friday?"
"HE'S THE MAN THAT I HATE BEST / I'D LIKE TO SEE HIS HOUSE GO UP IN FLAME!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "It's going back for more!"
Homer Simpson replied: "Save me Chaka Khan! Chaka Khannnn!"
Homer Simpson said: "Doh, not the wind."
"My husband meant no harm. There must be some way he can pay for what he did. He's good at opening jars.", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "It's not Batman!"
"Well, yes." Ned Flanders responded.
"A mini black hole!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"STELLA! STELLLA! CAN'T YOU HEAR ME YELL-A? / YOU'RE PUTTIN' ME THROUGH HELL-A / STELLA! STELLA!", Ned Flanders answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Wow, classy."
"You leave Maggie to me." Homer Simpson responded.
"Be careful! If you see a downed power line, do whatever it is people are supposed to do in that situation.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Sorry about that. So, Mrs. Simpson, the reason you're here...", Seymour Skinner replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Oh, good. So get ready, and before you know it we'll be at the Try-N-Save."
Marge Simpson answered "Have you ever walked on stilts? It's not that great."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Yes. Now then, Homer, old chum, I'm sure you'll agree with me that this trial is an affront to our collective dignity. What do you say, we settle this man to man?"
"You know, you're right, Homer. Maybe I should get some professional help.", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "You want to know the score? I'll tell you the score."
"Don't tell the hamburger in my car." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Fire!"
"Hey Dad, pitch to me!" Bart Simpson responded.
"See? S'fine. Go on, go on with the thing." Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "It's good to see you all in church."
"Don't Do What Donny Don't Does. They could've made this clearer.", Bart Simpson answered.
"I'm sure God will let us return soon. I mean, how long can He hold a grudge?", Marge Simpson replied.
"I look just like Elvis!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Now to trim away the fat."
"Can, too." Lisa Simpson said.
"Hm, that's a pretty long time." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Hey, Coast Guard! Try and stop us now, you lousy Americans!", Bart Simpson answered.
"Oh, thank you Bart, thank you Lisa, for all your help!", Marge Simpson responded.
"Nice try, mister." Bart Simpson responded.
"Check it out! Mad Dog's on fire!", Ned Flanders answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Split it? Whoa. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa..."
Homer Simpson: "Hurry! If we don't get a seat in the splash zone, I've worn my bathing suit under my clothes for nothing!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Well -- and I can explain, remember -- I fill the balls with beer that I found at the dump, then I bowl them and some underground pipes take them into Moe's."
Marge Simpson: "We'll see."
"Mom, I'm gonna hide you where there's no one around for miles... Disney's California Adventure." Homer Simpson responded.
"No." Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Will you two shut up?! People are trying to sleep!!"
Bart Simpson said "Nothin'."
"Mr. Kobb, what can we do?" Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Your collecting days are over, Collector..."
"A bouquet of po...", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "But this is the first time since we've been married that I've actually feared for our lives. So I'm asking you, if you really care about me and the children, please, please get rid of the gun."
"I've got some!", Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Ring the bell!"
"Right here! Now, Smithers. I want you to eat this for me, describe every taste, and don't forget the brain freeze!", C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Someone else!" Moe Szyslak replied.
Homer Simpson said "Sheesh! You're the most paranoid family I've ever been affiliated with."
Moe Szyslak: "So come on. I need a name that says friendly, all-American cooking."
"Get her! She's doing something!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Drugs! Various drugs! Be sure to read instructions! Uh-oh! Where'd I put the instructions?", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "...all that time."
Bart Simpson replied "Hey, why don't you stay with us?"
Homer Simpson answered: "It's a risk I'll have to take."
Homer Simpson answered: "Mmm, fattening."
Marge Simpson replied "Let's go!"
Homer Simpson: "I believe you, honey."
Moe Szyslak said "Aw, I can't build a relationship on a lie. The lies come later."
Marge Simpson responded "Bigamy."
"Ah, yes. Rusty and dull." Moe Szyslak replied.
"Good one, Lenny." Homer Simpson said.
"Hey! That was--", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "It's the first of the month. The day you promised to start your new diet."
"Lord, my husband is by no means perfect, but he's a kind, decent man. Please show him the error of his ways." Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "Hey, Milhouse! You want a job in my factory?"
C. Montgomery Burns said "Since I've never seen you before, maybe it is your first day. Very well, carry on."
Homer Simpson responded "Oh yeah. How is old Grimey?"
Homer Simpson said: "But when times seemed darkest, one minute ago, she was there, and gave me the strength and courage to fight for what I believe in."
Homer Simpson replied: "You know, Mr. Burns is so cheap..."
Homer Simpson answered "Not you! Him!"
"Maybe we should stop here." Marge Simpson answered.
"A laser pointer! Thanks, Bart.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered: "There is no dress. It's just pins! Help me!"
"Um-hm." Moe Szyslak replied.
Marge Simpson answered "Bart, Bob is a family man now. You can't be a bad person if you have a family."
"Okay then.", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "Oh!"
"In the red trunks, with a record of forty-eight wins and no losses, the undisputed champ of this house, Battling Bart Simpson. Whoopee! Whoo! Whoo! Whoo! And in the lavender trunks, with a record of zero wins and forty-eight defeats -- oh, correction, humiliating defeats -- all of them by knockout...", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "I guess I was the last one."
"That's ridiculous. I don't like you. I mean hate you, hate you, hate you! I hate you!", Marge Simpson answered.
"Oooh, that's a big lock all right. I just don't trust that guy.", Homer Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner responded "Now let's all enjoy some punch and cookies. Willie, you can start cleaning up now."
Lisa Simpson responded "Oh, that's easy. First it's introduced, then it goes to committee, then..."
Bart Simpson responded "You can't teach this way!"
"Look Mom, it feels really weird having you on my turf. How would you feel if I started moppin' the floor?", Bart Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson said: "Both of us heard mysterious noises coming from this very spot."
"All right, here it is.", Seymour Skinner replied.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Huh? This isn't Miss Hoover's class."
"No. How can you love a box, or a toy, or graphics? You're a grown man.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Technically, it's for a giraffe, but I think I can let it out a little."
"HE DRINKS AND HE CUSSES / HE STINKS UP THE BUSSES/HAIL TO THE BUS DRIVER, BUS DRIVER MAN! HA HA!" Seymour Skinner said.
"We want you to teach alternative theories to Darwinian evolution.", Ned Flanders responded.
"Homer Simpson! Homer Simpson!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "No we shan't. Yoink!"
Homer Simpson said "Betcha can't solve our maze? I didn't come here to be insulted. We're leaving!"
"What are you buying? Jerk stuff?", Homer Simpson responded.
"No!", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "Want my advice on dealing with the Hardly Boys?"
"DIG HIM UP! Dig up that corpse!! If you really love Jebediah Springfield, you'll haul his bones out of the ground to prove my daughter wrong!", Homer Simpson answered.
"My son caught the ball! This makes up for everything that's gone wrong in my life or ever will!", Homer Simpson responded.
"More rubber stamps." Seymour Skinner said.
Marge Simpson responded: "I'm not really in the mood anymore."
Marge Simpson: "The dog will get out!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Good girl, Maggie. You knocked down all the pins. But you stepped over the line just a little bit, so I'll have to give you a five."
Homer Simpson responded "My name is Homer and I'm just here because the court made me come."
"Don't yell at me! I'm a double widower! But I can handle all the ghosts you can float at me!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, uh. Vegetarian. Can the red sauce be cow blood?" Homer Simpson said.
"Oh no, the hunter has become the hunter!", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "It's hard to believe we're never going to see Maude again."
"And why is Marge here?" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Oh, well... can't win 'em all."
Lisa Simpson answered: "I get your pull-a-pull-a-pull-a..."
"Hah! If I had a nickel for every time I've heard that...", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "Oh, thank God! He's alive!"
Marge Simpson responded: "Lisa, let me tell you the story of a great woman held back by a not-so-great husband."
"Yeah, what'd you get?", Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "You mean, they're gonna try to sell us time shares?"
"Yo, Hugh. Here's a little bit of U.S. hospitality. What do you think of that?", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Uh, yes, I'm looking for a friend of mine. Last name Jass, first name Hugh."
"That's horrible. How could you, Dad?" Lisa Simpson answered.
"I hope this doesn't get into the Bible.", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "No offense, Homer, but your half-assed under-parenting was a lot more fun than your half-assed over-parenting."
Homer Simpson answered: "Hey Barney, any chance you can get me a job here?"
"Ralph! Ralph! Ralph! Ralph!" Lisa Simpson answered.
"Free food?!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "Ooh, gummy worms!"
Moe Szyslak replied "Whoa, it's the door."
"Well, maybe just a tad, Todd.", Ned Flanders replied.
"Ah, thanks, boy." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Help... help me."
Seymour Skinner replied "Tried, and failed."
Lisa Simpson responded "I know, but they're not gonna waste a whole Saturday inside."
Marge Simpson responded "Homer, Lisa's in that."
"Possessions are fleeting." Homer Simpson responded.
"Huh? Help! Mr. Burns!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Flushy! Go get help!" Homer Simpson said.
"A brass band... barbershop quintet?... the human kazoo... ooh, a drum circle!", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Okay.", Homer Simpson said.
"You're in.", Homer Simpson responded.
"I never heard anything about it on the gossip shows, or the blogosphere or in my supermarket check-out magazine.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Oh.", Marge Simpson said.
"Nothing exceptional here. Except -- blue reinforcements.", Seymour Skinner answered.
"You have to offer people something: a joke, an opinion, an idea..." Lisa Simpson replied.
"At your funeral.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "I got it! I got the flag!"
"You know, there's more to life than boozing and roughhousing." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "And that, my dear girl, is called the Toledo Take-back."
"Homer, it's Neddy. I baked you a little something to ease the pain.", Ned Flanders responded.
"Hey, Dad. Can you move your head?", Bart Simpson responded.
"Woo hoo!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Yeah, and what are you gonna do about it?"
"I can't believe everyone was in on it." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Good morning, Starshine. Seth."
Moe Szyslak said "No no, I'll take care of it."
Homer Simpson said "No, Barn. I just want to crawl into bed."
"Say... writing all those tickets must make you guys thirsty. How about a couple on the house?", Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "No way. If something happens to me, you have to carry on the Simpson name."
"Ding! Ding! Ding! Ding!", Homer Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak responded: "What's this, a letter from nineteen-sixty-six?"
Homer Simpson said: "Well... of course. There couldn't be a heaven if there weren't a hell."
Homer Simpson said "Impending doom..."
"If anything happens to Marge... we'll all be orphans!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Ah, ha, ha, ha, God-boy couldn't get a strike."
"Well. Thanks, guv'nor." Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "I'm cold and scared."
"There's other P.O.s? Uh-oh, better put on my game shades.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Did I hear my name? My ears are burnin'.", Ned Flanders answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "No. My husband is... at church."
Bart Simpson replied "Whee!"
"Please, have a little faith.", Seymour Skinner replied.
"Oh, thank heaven.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Moe, what are you doing?" Homer Simpson replied.
"And my gifts are still going to waste." Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "I LIKE TO WALK DOWN THE AVENUE / BUST A MOVE WITH DISCO STU..."
"Someone who appreciates my in-your-face management style.", Homer Simpson responded.
"What's going on? Where are my shoes?" Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered: "I don't think I really captured the eyes."
Bart Simpson responded: "Whooo! Whooo! Dad, do you know anything else about women?"
Marge Simpson replied: "Homer, that was not very Christian of you."
"Oh, that's terrible.", Homer Simpson said.
"Milhouse, have you seen Bart?" Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Huh? Oh, why did he have to say that extra thing?"
"... but I believe that the cartoons you show to our children are influencing their behavior in a negative way...", Marge Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "No! Not Janey! She'll pack the Supreme Court with boys!"
"Itchy and Scratchy seem to have lost their edge." Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "Huh? Oh. I sure did!... Here's a bus schedule."
"Who'd you think would help me, my wife? Heh." Homer Simpson replied.
"But..." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "I wonder what makes us so special."
Moe Szyslak replied: "Way to go, Homer! We win again! Good job! Etc."
Marge Simpson: "Dr. Carlock is like my Wednesday reset button."
"Today's our draft! I've got to pick a good fantasy team! When I lost last year they made me do something so humiliating...", Homer Simpson responded.
"This place even has its own arts district! With football-hating intellectuals!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Judas!", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Bart Simpson said: "Polo!"
Homer Simpson replied: "You people are guests in our country, and the beaver have no right to treat you that way. If I get back your land, will you promise to build a casino on it?"
"Was on fire. Was. I finally get a job I was good at, and now I have to give it up." Homer Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Ten million."
Homer Simpson responded: "When will you be home?"
"/ That's mean." Bart Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson said "We're not a gang! Gangs are cool!"
"There's no shame in being a pariah." Marge Simpson replied.
"Gee, I never realized TV was such a dangerous influence." Marge Simpson responded.
"Sure feels weird lying in bed with my pants on.", Homer Simpson responded.
"I met the new principal, Mr. Baumgartner. He seemed really cool. When he walked through the gym, he shot a basket!", Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "Ahhhhh! Sideshow Bob!"
Homer Simpson: "After forty days and forty nights, the rains stopped, and Noah sent forth a single dove..."
"But I can't afford to...", Homer Simpson responded.
"Homer, look! They give you a shower cap, and body gel and bathrobes... Ooh, and a welcoming mint on your pillow.", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "Okay, just walk in, say happy birthday, and get out."
"Let's just say he's a few prawns short of a galaxy.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Can my son come too? He knows what to do when I swallow my tongue.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Ever!"
Homer Simpson said "Ooooh, that's some ball."
"Anytime.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Start the joke!", Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh, isn't that sweet? Even your brother's adding his kudos.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Hey, what's going on?", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "Because it's so dilapidated."
Marge Simpson said: "Um, I'm gonna go read a book."
"Yes, sir!" Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied "He won't come over!"
"I'm meek... but I could probably stand to be meeker.", Ned Flanders said.
Bart Simpson answered: "Hey, my photo!"
"FRESH FR-FR-FRESH FOR MOMMY'S BABY BOY" Marge Simpson answered.
"Bart did it! And they're gonna try for a field goal." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Oh Lisa, I'm sorry. I tried my best. I know it's really hard when you discover your dad isn't perfect.", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said "Excuse me."
"I still do.", Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "These hotels are made of Legos."
"Good night.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "Homer, you smell like Chicago. Did you fly there on a commercial airline?"
Marge Simpson said "Well, it was a lovely festival. The best movie won and Mr. Burns found there are some awards that can't be bought."
Homer Simpson answered "Ooh! Marge, you wanna go to a wedding of a couple we never met?"
Seymour Skinner responded "Gimme that. Any student caught striking will be severely disciplined. Unless all of you do it. Then I'm stymied."
"Flanders! Stupid Flanders!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Thanks, lady." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "Granted."
"Oh. Gee thanks, mister." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Whoever did this will be haunted by unbearable guilt forever!"
Bart Simpson said "So then I says to Mabel, I says..."
Homer Simpson: "B-b-before the show, you said we were having a Special Ghost tonight!"
"Goodnight, sweetheart." Homer Simpson said.
"I'm sorry we wasted your time, your Lordship.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "Uh... B?"
"One thousand dollars!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Oh no, no. We stink, we stink!"
"You made all that money for sitting around and watching TV and eating food?", Bart Simpson replied.
"Homer! This is bad for you, too!", Marge Simpson responded.
"Mmm hmm." Marge Simpson answered.
"No. It's a House of Ill Fame... a House of Loose Ethics...", Marge Simpson answered.
"But we're on hiatus. Everyone's everywhere." Marge Simpson responded.
"Bart, don't use that word... Oh crap.", Marge Simpson responded.
"How much of the hundred thou do I get?" Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "There's Clinton, Bush Senior, and the nice guy who finished last, Jimmy himself."
Seymour Skinner replied: "I smelled some marijuana smoke in Vietnam."
"Occupied!" Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "Hitler, North Dakota?"
"I'm so exci--" Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "At least I've got a license."
Homer Simpson answered: "Up -- that's my chair, boy."
"Moe?! What are you doing here?", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied: "What?"
"I'm dropping the anchor!", Homer Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak said: "I just got a hundred! The tree is real! What you got against hope, anyway?"
Marge Simpson: "Whoa!!"
"Wow! Free balloons for everyone who enters!", Bart Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner responded: "JOHNNY!!"
Bart Simpson answered: "Chief Knockahomer, let's win this one for Dad!"
"An Open Letter to the People of Springfield: Today our town lost what remained of its fragile civility, drowned in a sea of low-fat pudding." Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "Homie, I tried to tell you how I feel, but I can't find the right words. Maybe he can."
"You ever operated a power boat?", Ned Flanders responded.
"Wait a minute. Bart -- you know that guy on your lunch box?", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered "Nah. Back to the sweet spot."
"None of you kids ever remember any of the nice things we do for you.", Marge Simpson said.
"Want it black, don't you? Black like your heart! It's so hard for me to listen to you, I hate you all so much... I'm sorry. It's my problem. I'll deal with it. Please continue." C. Montgomery Burns said.
Marge Simpson said: "Shh!"
Homer Simpson said "I rolled up all the socks."
"Hurry, Bart!" Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson replied "No."
Homer Simpson said "Ah-ha -- a sand horse! Car of the desert!"
Bart Simpson said: "Dad, I really want you to come on this trip with me!"
"Was there even a baseball game yesterday? I don't remember!", Marge Simpson replied.
"In about two seconds." Bart Simpson replied.
"But without a coach, we can't play!" Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded "Wow, it's been so long since I've been with someone who doesn't know what a selfish pig I am."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "A poor man."
Homer Simpson replied: "Mmm, do - nuts."
"Cool! We should try that at school!" Bart Simpson responded.
"And then what did you say?", Seymour Skinner said.
Bart Simpson said "And Schoolmistress Krabappel has been stealing supplies from the school cafeteria."
Homer Simpson answered: "Opera? They have that here too?"
"I don't need youse. I'm all the company I need." Moe Szyslak responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Hope I don't give you heartburn!"
"Mmm. I'd like to visit that Long Island place. If only it were real...", Marge Simpson said.
"Dad, are you in here?", Lisa Simpson said.
"Dad, do you think you might have been brainwashed?", Lisa Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns said "Where are my kudos?"
"I wanna meet the first female Stealth bomber pilot. During the Gulf War she destroyed seventy mosques and her name is Lisa, too!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "I swear."
"It's a history lesson come to life.", Bart Simpson answered.
Seymour Skinner responded "I phoned ahead."
"This is Marge Simpson. I'd like a babysitter for the evening.", Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Now, how would that work?"
Marge Simpson responded "I'm not a dude, I'm a hottie!"
Homer Simpson responded "THIS IS THE END / MY ONLY FRIEND, THE END / WEIRD SCENES INSIDE THE GOLD MINE..."
"Hey! Why is it destroying other toys?" Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "This day just keeps getting better and better."
"Simpson, your sharpened-shooting has saved my life! Name your reward. Anything -- just name it!" C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "I'll make you a deal. You rip up that ticket, and I'll give you back your hat. Wuh, wuh, wuh! Hee, hee-hee!"
Bart Simpson responded: "Wow! It's a machine that makes carnival food at home."
Homer Simpson responded "Here we go. Now it starts with the fees."
"Every four years.", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "What a load of crappy-crap-crap."
Homer Simpson replied: "You got that right"
"Whew.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Mmm... Ovulicious."
"Well, sure, okay..." Marge Simpson said.
"Mom, these are really good. While I know first-hand how fragile young talent is, I'd love to hear the particulars of how your gift was squashed." Lisa Simpson said.
"The Death Card." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Milhouse!" Bart Simpson responded.
"Yess!!" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Boy, Moe, you sure look angry. Here, have some nuts."
"You like 'em, huh? Come on, I'll show you the other three hundred.", Ned Flanders replied.
Moe Szyslak replied "Oooh, boy. All right, let's see here, uh... Well I was born in Indiana... so that ain't it. And, uh... I better call my Lifeline."
Homer Simpson: "Apu, if it'll make you feel any better, I've learned that life is one crushing defeat after another until you just wish Flanders was dead."
Bart Simpson responded: "Squealer."
Bart Simpson: "No, but if you're gonna throw a spaz, I'll come with."
"I'm a-comin' boy!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Uh-oh."
"Oh, for the love of..." Marge Simpson said.
"Wait, wait! Waiiit!" Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson said: "I'll be there next Sunday. Front row, center!"
"Twenty-three. Now, today I'm gonna mow the lawn, do my taxes, shoot hoops with Bart and girl it up with Lisa." Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders: "Homer, my friend, of all the false messiahs today, I think you came closest to the truth."
Marge Simpson responded "You threw them out the window in a fit of passion. You said you were never going to need them again."
Bart Simpson: "This new teacher I got gave me a haircut."
Homer Simpson said: "What flavor?"
"Well, do something! This is all your fault. You and your stupid program." Ned Flanders responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "I am just four power wands away from an anti-gravity lozenge. Hope I don't run into that weird little troll!"
"Ah, Homer! I hope Crusher and Low Blow didn't hurt you." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Bart Simpson said: "I want to buy a copy of BoneStorm. Here's ninety-nine cents."
"Okay.", Bart Simpson replied.
"That only angers me more.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "There aren't any tables or chairs."
Lisa Simpson said "You know what I think killed this place? No one wanted to drive to the middle of the forest for clams."
Marge Simpson said "Bart, wipe your feet."
Marge Simpson said: "Lisa, it was wonderful! I am such a proud Hitachee mother."
Marge Simpson said: "Homer, I want you to look at this drawing Bart did."
Bart Simpson replied: "I understand... Hey, what's that crazy girl doin'?"
"All set. When he starts gnawing at you, I'll whack him with this broom.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Lenny, do you live here?", Marge Simpson said.
"Aw, I can't stay mad at you when that pan smells like sausage and onions.", Homer Simpson said.
"Oh, so you don't like it when I drink. What other secrets have you been hoarding to use against me?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Woo hoo! U.S.A! U.S.A! U.S.A!" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Not Flanders. Anybody, but Flanders."
"I guess I just met the joker of the group. Better watch out for you on April Fool's Day, am I right? I said, am I right? Am I r--" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "Lisa!"
Homer Simpson responded "Well, if you live long enough you start to accumulate things. This is from a gas station men's room. They put the block of wood on it so you don't walk away with it. These are from a key party we went to before we realized what a key party was--"
Marge Simpson answered: "All I have are some dry-cleaning coupons."
"Are you sure? Because it really spoke to me." Marge Simpson said.
"Thank you, Moe.", Marge Simpson answered.
"Huh? But how are we supposed to combine the DNA of two strains of the same species?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Dear God, it's Homer. If you really love me, you'll save my life now." Homer Simpson replied.
"Why you little...! lamb... mustn't... kill own son... only God can do that..." Homer Simpson said.
"Yes it does.", Bart Simpson said.
"Everyone who signs over their mineral rights to Mr. Burns gets five thousand dollars!" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded "Lis, as your brother, this is the hardest thing I've ever had to say. You're not ugly."
"Telegram for Lisa Simpson." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said: "Hey, he's right..."
Homer Simpson responded: "Fine, I'll do it. Where do you want me?"
Bart Simpson answered "No jail can hold me!"
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Well done, Simpson. Now, walk behind me down the hallway."
"Right... Uh huh... Gotcha... Cat in the furnace.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Hello."
Lisa Simpson replied "It's Lisa!"
Homer Simpson responded "Bart! We're all disappointed there's no potato salad! But for God's sake, don't jump!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "Grampa, that's so romantic! We gotta go to England!"
Moe Szyslak: "Now where was I? Uh, two... three... Three radishes. Three big radishes."
"Goodnight, everybody!", Moe Szyslak said.
Bart Simpson said: "Yeah. And why did we have to do this all the way from home?"
Bart Simpson responded: "You know that rattle when you shake up spray paint? That's a kid's tooth."
"Whee!", Bart Simpson answered.
"One of us should go look at it." Bart Simpson said.
"Oh, well, I don't know. Would it be alright if I conferred with my family?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Will you put that baby down? There's something wrong with the reactor core.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"My father and I were never really close.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Why doesn't anything kill me?"
"Perish the thought.", Bart Simpson responded.
"...I WILL EAT THIS TOBLERONE / AND I WILL NOT PAY!", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson responded "That didn't seem like a happy ending."
"Hold on a second, fellas -- I don't like the looks of that flamin' ember.", Moe Szyslak answered.
Bart Simpson responded "Excuse me, Mister Goblin?"
Homer Simpson answered: "C'mon!"
"Hey, smooth move, Flanders!", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson: "Yeah, I guess he just hated your delivery."
"Anyway, where were we? Hello? Hello? They hung up." Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "Yeah, right, so do I, but you don't see me gettin' up."
"Dad, I'm glad your show is successful, but I have to ask you: what's with the crying?", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Strip the bark now, Stampy.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson: "Uh-oh."
"I've learned to walk naked on stilts!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said: "We won! Woo hoo!"
"Isn't it adorable? I guess some baby pictures were on that old roll of film." Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "And... release the groom."
"Oh, that does sound fun." Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "Relax, Homie. Have some leftover Galalalalalalalalah."
Homer Simpson responded "You're the screw-up!"
Homer Simpson answered "Because you said so, why?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh yeah, baby, I'm drinking you down to your knees."
"Whew, that was one long helicopter ride.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Do we get lunch?" Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "You also remembered I like flattery!"
Homer Simpson said: "Hey Chief, throw me your piece."
Homer Simpson said "Oh, come on. Tell us how we can make it up to you. Hey, pretend it's your birthday."
Homer Simpson answered "I see what you're saying -- I need to buy a gun."
Marge Simpson said "I sure am!"
Bart Simpson answered "You're right, Lis. You shouldn't go. It wouldn't be honest. I'll go, disguised as you."
"I ha--" Lisa Simpson replied.
"OR MAYBE A MANWICH...", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "It already is killing me, Marge. You're the only one I can talk to. My wife just doesn't get it."
"But we need to know everything, no matter how shameful. And fast!", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied: "We're going to dump it in the water to get the army drunk."
Homer Simpson answered: "And I've never seen you use your tail like that."
"No deal, McCutcheon. That moon money is mine!" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "Enjoy your tour, and take it easy on Mr. Curtis. Your father and I will be across the street at The Lush Valley Winery."
"Poor Ned. This is his first Jellyfish Festival alone.", Marge Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "Kent, I want everyone in your radio picture audience to know that this woman is a menace to decent people and germ warriors everywhere."
Homer Simpson said "Yeah, so is getting a real job."
Homer Simpson said "Screw you."
Homer Simpson responded: "Fresca?!"
"There's a triple A battery in my macaroni and cheese!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "Oh, Homey! Are you all right?"
"Run!", Homer Simpson answered.
"I was faking it." Bart Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "You did, Dad."
"Kidding! Kidding! I don't vote! The polling place is up a hill and I never make it!", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "Let's go."
Marge Simpson replied: "I understand, honey. When I was your age there was a..."
"Sure, buddy, I'd be happy to...", Ned Flanders responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Ugh, this is ridiculous. What am I supposed to do? Lisa, who do you think's gonna win? The Bengals or the Dolphins?"
"No you didn't." Marge Simpson responded.
"No, not him! Anyone but him! I've had my problems with him. Everyone has. But like every monster, he just wants to be loved.", Homer Simpson said.
"Homer, I don't think it's in the cornstarch canister." Marge Simpson said.
"I'd get out, but I don't know where I am." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Hey boy, whatcha doing?" Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Now the doctor said a tour of the town could help bring back your memory."
"Go! Go! Go!" Marge Simpson replied.
"Okay.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Wowww."
Bart Simpson answered "Oh, c'mon Dad! Anything but that!"
Marge Simpson responded "It is?"
"Now they're aggressive again! I'm sure there's a correlation, but could there be a... causation?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "Thanks. You can be the free safety."
"Because your father lives with me now." Ned Flanders said.
"Hey boy, this is your commercial!" Bart Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "I want to apologize for being such a jerk at dinner. And I thought the best way to do that would be to come to your house and poke around."
Homer Simpson said "Providing you celebrities do something for me."
"Wow, non-losers?! I Never thought I'd see the day... Gentlemen, what can I getcha?" Moe Szyslak replied.
Seymour Skinner answered "Jack Crowley."
"Hey guys, we found the treasure! When I get to shore, I'm bringin' it right to the bar." Homer Simpson replied.
"Homer? You want Homer to fight Tatum?", Moe Szyslak responded.
Homer Simpson said: "I guess the only choice is to come clean and tell her what I know... and how I know."
Homer Simpson responded "Hello, Cook? Sorry to bother you so late, but I got a hankerin' for some... that's right... don't forget the apple sauce!"
"Oh, gross, gross, gross, gross." Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Marge?"
"Why can't you do it?", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "No room for you, Jell-O."
"Well, then you shoulda been early.", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded: "Colonel, I hope you've learned that an occupying foreign force can never defeat a determined local populace. Among the many things we learned in Vietnam is that a well-motivated..."
"Honey, Grampa is the closest thing I have to a father and I love him. But three octogenocerouses?", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Come on, Marge."
Homer Simpson responded "Marge, they're gonna kill me! I only did what I had to do to survive... in a style befitting a French monarch."
"Dear Bart, How is France? I don't know why you haven't written. I guess you're just having too much fun.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Happy Birthday, Dad." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Dog, cat?"
"Well let's pick one at random. How about that one?", Seymour Skinner responded.
Bart Simpson said: "I know, I made you into a real boy last week."
"Well, I have a very busy schedule, but...", Seymour Skinner answered.
"Just think of 'em as cats with rabies.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Look Pop, I'm planning some expert home repairs, and I need a pair of bolt cutters, or wire cutters, or something to get the lock off my toolbox.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "Okay... okay! Why are we dancing around the obvious? I know it. You know it. I am dumb. Okay? Dumb as a post. Do you think I'm happy about it?"
"He's not my dead boyfriend, he is a dead boy who happens to be my friend. Mr. Bonney, I am going to make your dream come true!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"You know what, Apu... I am really, really gonna miss you.", Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders replied "You pulled the boys out of school?!"
Marge Simpson replied "Homer, that's -- Ohh!"
Lisa Simpson replied: "Long John Seltzer!"
Homer Simpson said: "Stay, you imperfect speakers, tell me more / By Sinel's death I know I am thane of Glamis... uh, To-morrow and to-morrow and to-morrow... today's Tuesday, so that would make it Friday, and then, uh... Shakespeare!"
Marge Simpson said: "What?!"
Lisa Simpson said: "All I want is a chance to prove myself."
Bart Simpson said: "Make a hole."
"Well, Bart's been acting very strangely. And that pizza delivery truck has been parked across the street for two weeks." Marge Simpson answered.
"Actually, he'd be staying in France in a lovely chateau in the heart of the wine country." Seymour Skinner replied.
"Although if the right offer came along...", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "Will everyone please stop fighting and burning!"
Marge Simpson replied: "Thanks for not killing me, Homie. Here's an extra pork chop."
"But it's only been one night.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Excellent! Now, what have you got for me?" C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"Somebody do me!" Moe Szyslak replied.
"I hate this new area code. Like I don't have enough to remember already." Homer Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders responded: "Hey, can I give you folks a lift?"
Homer Simpson answered "Stop eating our future!"
"A different religion? Do not tell anyone that, because if the bullies around here find out that you're different--", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered: "No it doesn't, it's funny. Their clothes are different from my clothes. Look at what they're wearin'."
Lisa Simpson answered "Mom, are we gonna talk, or are we gonna talk?"
Homer Simpson said: "Marge! We're out of bath towels."
"Homer, maybe you better take Milhouse home.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Maybe we could shop somewhere else. There's a farm stand next door.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Oh, they've found a home.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said "Oh, Homie!"
"It's really important that you read it and tell me what you think.", Marge Simpson responded.
"Oh, it's heartfelt. There's no escaping that. Thanks, honey." Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "It's better if you don't."
Homer Simpson: "I'll do that! You go upstairs and have a beer."
Bart Simpson replied: "Oh... so that's why everyone's been sayin' that all summer."
Bart Simpson responded: "Homer just pirated a movie. It's not the worst thing Dad ever did. It's not even the worst kind of pirate Dad's ever been."
Bart Simpson replied: "This school has a falconry club? No way."
"You lost five percent of your brain.", Marge Simpson answered.
"They're secretly planning to move to Albuquerque." Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "And why do you really want it, anyway? Moe, will the gold bring back Edna's love?"
"All right, all right, you win for now, but some day you'll rust." Homer Simpson responded.
"Hey, they need volunteers to play old-timey people in the parade. Look, I can be a butter churner, a typhoid carrier... an apprentice! I think I'll be an apprentice, Marge." Homer Simpson replied.
"It was a typical day for delivery man Avery Mann. Until..." Bart Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak: "Nice hole, nice soul, hmmm..."
"But, Marge...!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Okay, Hibbert's in surgery, but they're having him paged." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "Oh, no!"
"Hey, Lis, come look at this." Bart Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered "What would baby Jesus do?"
"Oh yes.", Homer Simpson said.
"Otto! Are you meting out corporal punishment?!", Seymour Skinner replied.
"Yes, that's exactly the word I want to translate.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Thank you.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Like monks during the dark ages, it's up to the KidZone: Elite to make a record of human culture.", Lisa Simpson answered.
"I put my homemade football on hold and set to work making the world's greatest bat." Homer Simpson responded.
"Stop it!" Marge Simpson replied.
"Do you know what a boob is?" Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Artie, that's a sick idea. Come on, Homer, we're leaving."
"Look out! Behind you!" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Uh... Monster Truck Rally, growth thing... No, I don't think so."
"Remember, Dad. The handle of the Big Dipper points to the North Star.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "Yeah, you're right."
"Do I sound okay?" Homer Simpson answered.
"I heard about it first.", Seymour Skinner responded.
"I guess you should judge a book by its cover.", Marge Simpson said.
"I'll show Flanders. I'm gonna get everyone a car. What's that one good American car?", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson: "A battle to determine the fate of Equalia. But you wouldn't be interested."
Homer Simpson replied: "Babysitting, eh? What do I know about kids?"
Homer Simpson said "Nooooo!"
"Thank you!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Yum-yum fish are all we used to eat here. They're the most delicious fish in the ocean." Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "No, really. It can be a crazy party, with clouds and lasers and miracles."
Bart Simpson said "Aw darn. Looks like we'll have to stay home today."
Homer Simpson answered: "What do they do? What don't they do! Oh they do so many things... they never stop... oh the things they do there! My stars."
Lisa Simpson answered: "That's it!"
Homer Simpson said: "Lousy chub night. Hey, how come he gets meat and we don't?"
Homer Simpson responded "Keep me focused."
"Yeah. Homer sold his wife for a million bucks." Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner said: "Half a dozen eggs?!"
"I'll be right back, boys. I'm going to go help that lady.", Ned Flanders said.
"Oh, no, what have I done? I smashed open my little boy's piggy bank, and for what? A few measly cents. Not even enough to buy one beer. Wait a minute, lemme count and make sure...", Homer Simpson said.
"Wait a minute, I smell apples... cinnamon... crust... it's a pie!" Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "Krappy the Klunk."
"But aren't you gonna have fun finding out?", Homer Simpson responded.
"No hard feelings?" Seymour Skinner said.
"Yeah, I've seen your Curly too." Lisa Simpson answered.
"Well, he expressed an interest.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Homey, I'm very proud of you, but don't you think you're spending too much time with Ned? Your family needs you too." Marge Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner answered "Send them in."
Lisa Simpson: "An early crusader for women's rights. She led the Floormop Rebellion of 1910. Later she appeared on the highly unpopular 75 cent piece."
"Oh, forget it. They couldn't catch a cold with a... a, a cold-catching thing." Marge Simpson replied.
"My pleasure." Homer Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak replied: "Time to destroy your future."
"This is a house!" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "C'mon, Lenny. I just need four more guys to fill my Super Bowl bus. Whaddaya say?"
"Yes! We win again!", Moe Szyslak responded.
Ned Flanders answered: "Hello?"
Homer Simpson said: "Bring me two of every animal."
Bart Simpson answered: "Do we have to?"
Homer Simpson said: "Hey, are you like one of those English guards who can't laugh or smile or anything?"
Homer Simpson said: "I'm waitin' for ya."
"She's right! She's right!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Boring!"
"Homer! Are you actually giving up your faith?" Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Oh, look at that. We're out of almond paste. Don't get up. I'll grind the almonds myself."
"Woo hoo!", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "Says you!"
Moe Szyslak: "The point is, this drink is the ultimate brain bleacher. One swig wipes out the last day of your life."
Homer Simpson replied "Uh, sure."
"Sure. It could be a story about people coming to terms with things." Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "Me, too!"
"Marge? I have an apology that I hope is better than all the other ones. So please listen carefully. The thing I liked best about being an ice cream man wasn't the free ice cream, or the colorful toppings, or the love I received from obese children. It was giving you those sticks, and watching you smile as you turned them into art.", Homer Simpson said.
"Homer!" Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "That room has a dry erase board. They could be doing anything in there! Anything."
"Ahhh, Noah, Noah, save us, save us... No!!", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "And you gave it to him?"
Moe Szyslak said: "Do whatever you have to do to save Moe's. I love my Homie."
"Uh-hmm." Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "All right turkey. Where are you? Turkeys, the only animal smarter than man."
"A dishonorable discharge! It's the best we could've hoped for." Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said: "That coulda been me."
Homer Simpson responded "Hey! Look at me! I'm going up a slide!"
Marge Simpson responded: "Homer, I want that thing out of my house."
Marge Simpson answered "Let's see -- what kind of goofy goobly should I be?"
Marge Simpson answered: "This town is a part of us all... a part of us all... a part of us all..."
"Well, that's great, Dad, except you were supposed to drive us to the newspaper." Bart Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders said: "Edna, I had a long walk with Homer Simpson yesterday, and as I was carrying him back home, I had a lot of time to think."
Homer Simpson replied: "WALKIN' DOWN A CORRIDOR / USIN' BOTH MY FEET / WISH I WAS IN FLORIDOR / NOW I WILL REPEAT / OH I'M WALKIN' DOWN A CORRIDOR / USIN' BOTH MY FEET..."
Homer Simpson said "I'm not supposed to be new meat. I'm supposed to have your job."
Marge Simpson: "You really think we're still doing the right thing?"
Homer Simpson answered "Sometimes I think about gettin' on a bus and never comin' back."
"Bart, there's something I have to tell you father to son. I passed out on your turtle and killed it. Someday you'll thank me." Homer Simpson said.
"Whoa..." Bart Simpson said.
"Ew, lemon cream! You're goin' in the Marge pile. I mean I love you so much..." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "I don't trust that guy. I bet he killed everyone on that boat himself."
"Aw, you're a good thing. I know it. Let me clean out your ears.", Marge Simpson said.
"They want a name, Homer, not a vague description.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "The power of Chrysler compels you!"
Marge Simpson responded "Bill... bill..."
Homer Simpson responded: "Hit me."
"It is a sauna in here. Must've been put in by a previous owner. This house is full of surprises. But this is the first good one." Marge Simpson replied.
"Yeah. It was really hard for me to make this place look old but not in any way comfortable. Now maybe some TV'll cheer ya up." Moe Szyslak said.
Bart Simpson replied "Ay carumba!"
Homer Simpson said: "And... there."
"Oh, so good to have you back.", Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson: "That woman is taking advantage of you, and we need you to do things around here. The oven light is out and you never finished filling up the aquarium."
Marge Simpson answered "Only with kisses."
"Attention, everyone. This is Principal Skinner. I trust you all remembered to bring in your implements of destruction.", Seymour Skinner replied.
"Imply. I-M-P...", Bart Simpson said.
"Um... I'm a teacher's aide in a very special class." Lisa Simpson replied.
"What the...? It made another me! How cool is that?", Homer Simpson replied.
"I shouldn't have called her that. Bite my tongue. Bite my tongue. Oooh.", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "I'm so sorry for all your horrible problems, but this is our dog's room now."
Seymour Skinner: "Don't worry. They'll forget. Just like they forgot about me in that tiger cage for eighteen agonizing months. Every night I'd wake up screaming. Well, let's meet your classmates."
"No dessert until you eat your broccoli." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson responded: "Okay, before I show ya, who wants to guess how I got the money?"
Homer Simpson responded "You are smooth. I'll give you that."
"And it's important to feel good about yourself... Okay, spread your toes. Do you know how much glass is in here?", Homer Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "Please, Dad."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Hi, Mr. Smithers!"
"Oh, Bart." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered: "GET DOWN / EVERYBODY'S GONNA LEAVE THEIR SEAT"
Homer Simpson replied: "Bart! This is a matter of life and death: What is the difference between ketchup and catsup?"
"There's Maggie!", Marge Simpson replied.
"Homie, you look good!", Marge Simpson said.
"I'll miss you Pumpkins, but I just can't share your bleak world view. I've got too much to live for.", Homer Simpson answered.
"C'mon Dad, read the last chapter! Everyone says there's a big surprise -- I bet Angelica discovers that she's a wizard!" Lisa Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied "This is not what I wanted at all!"
"Wow, those jackets are beautiful.", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson replied "No."
C. Montgomery Burns responded "Ooh. That's a Bingo."
"Reverend Lovejoy, I had a bit of an ulterior motive in inviting you to dinner." Marge Simpson replied.
"Oh, thanks, Dad.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said: "I don't get it. Are you saying you're the tree?"
Lisa Simpson: "You'll be so sorry when you realize how you've hurt the feelings of a sweet young man!"
"Well, my faithful dog was bringing me my shoes and they fell apart in his mouth.", Homer Simpson said.
"It was her, all right. Take the one who wronged you.", Homer Simpson said.
"Well I'm not finished. Where does it say we have to be gracious in defeat?", Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "No."
Lisa Simpson answered "This is why I can't have nice things."
Homer Simpson said: "Sorry, Marge. The last time I stepped on a baseball field, I got tased."
"But Mr. Schindler...", Marge Simpson answered.
"What's up?" Marge Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak said: "Boy, I'm like a mess here. I feel so lonely without that kid."
Homer Simpson said: "What about you, boy?"
Bart Simpson answered: "Wow, it's fuehrer-rific!"
Homer Simpson replied "-- as long as I only work five hours a day, no heavy lifting, no light clerical, none of that secret Santa crap, tasteful nudity..."
Homer Simpson responded "Awww..."
"Bart! Don't forget to turn the chicken!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Uh, say, listen, Portia. How would you and Mav feel about... um, swinging?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Well, it's been two long trips, but we're finally almost there, again."
"Uh-oh!" Bart Simpson answered.
"Oh sorry. I'm a little nervous." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said: "Hey... student body president..."
Bart Simpson responded "Milhouse!"
"No, really, what?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "I hate to interrupt while you're rejoicing, but Maggie is terribly itchy."
"Milhouse?! Uh! I've been turning him down for the prom since kindergarten.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "They're moving the team to Albuquerque!"
"It's not to scale." Homer Simpson replied.
"That's it! All we have to do is dig up the time capsule!" Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Marge, they stole my idea!"
"Aw, Marge is throwing me out for blabbing about her elbow thing." Homer Simpson said.
"Hey, girls. Check out this President." Bart Simpson said.
"Ooh, a letter from my old pen pal. Someday I'll write you back, Osama. Ah, here's what I'm lookin' for." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "You wanna see how Davy Crockett really died at the Alamo? You must be 18."
Homer Simpson: "Woo hoo!"
Bart Simpson: "Mrs. Krabappel, if I don't get at least a C average I can't go to Kamp Krusty."
"When I first met your father, he was loud, crude, and piggish. But I worked hard on him, and now he's a whole new person!" Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Are you?"
Bart Simpson: "Uh... this trail is for experienced skiers."
"To make Bart a Krusketeer?" Lisa Simpson answered.
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Get going! And answer those phones, install a computer system, and rotate my office so the window faces the hills."
Marge Simpson answered "Well, maybe I could. But every time I look at you, I see the same adorable boy I fell in love with."
"We now take you back through the ages, to a time before TV, before cowboys, before dinosaurs. The time of the Bible!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Well... maybe you sat on him and he was never seen again.", Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "My brother's using worms but I who feel that tranquility far outweighs the actual catching of fish, am using nothing."
"Well, there's something you don't see every Christmas." Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson replied: "What, this jug?"
Homer Simpson answered "Woo hoo! A flyer for a hardware store!"
"So, it was love at first sight." Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson answered: "People are loving our list of Springfield's top ninety-nine Afghan restaurants."
"They back your baaaannk!" Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "Awww."
Marge Simpson said "I'm glad you're okay."
"Shut up, liver." Homer Simpson responded.
"What -- oh! Wait a minute -- Jacques Strap? It's you, isn't it? You cowardly little runt. When I get hold of you I am gonna gut you like a fish and drink your blood." Moe Szyslak said.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Well, there's two surprises!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Ol' Betsy'll get us there."
"Thank you. Very, very much.", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "You don't have TV? But what will I watch while I'm sitting on the couch?"
"Spill it, Super-boss!" Homer Simpson responded.
"I can't read.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh Bart, I'm sure it's hard to lose your best friend." Lisa Simpson said.
"Hello, Southern Hemisphere? Which way does the water go in your toilet?" Bart Simpson answered.
"Goodbye, Great Aunt Gladys. I wish I had made more of an effort to get to know you these last few years.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson: "Maybe we should get out now."
"Bye bye, Maggie!", Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said: "Yeah, well. How was the concert?"
"Chief Wiggum! Are you here to make a bust of some kind?", Marge Simpson said.
"Marge, just puttin' a few last things in the trunk." Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied "Oh. No. No, I'm the guy. I'm supposed to, uh..."
Marge Simpson said: "Yes."
"Yeah?" Marge Simpson answered.
"Homie! We're going to Vancouver!" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "You really blew it this time, Smithers."
"All right.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson replied "I'm sorry, boy. You can't help being dumb."
"My God, they are stubby.", Lisa Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Mon-ey."
Homer Simpson answered: "A hero."
Homer Simpson replied: "Uh, but I am a pilot."
Marge Simpson replied: "Maybe we should call it a night."
Homer Simpson replied "What is it, Flanders?"
"Interesting. Interesting." Homer Simpson answered.
"Great Caesar's Ghost! A talking Krusty doll!", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "I like stories."
"Aye Carumba! Oh man. Milhouse has gone from being a comic figure to a tragic one." Bart Simpson replied.
"Eh, you gotta be mad at something." Moe Szyslak answered.
Lisa Simpson replied "Hey, what's this?"
"Gonna be a tight fit.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "I dunno. Can you swing a sack of door knobs?"
Marge Simpson said "That's worse than what I thought!"
Homer Simpson answered "Yeah, I've done all I can do in that medium."
"HERE'S A BLANKET THEY CAN BORROW" Homer Simpson responded.
"Hmmm.", Seymour Skinner responded.
Bart Simpson answered: "What are we?!"
"Did you eat a peanut?", Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "Kids, why don't you write a complaint letter? That's how I got the Channel Six weather girl to start wearing a bra."
"Oh, you're cheering now, but some day you'll..." Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson replied "Hiding out? Marge, you've been reading too many hideout books."
Marge Simpson responded "Mr. Burns, she's just a baby."
Lisa Simpson answered "They don't even seem to care that it's medication time."
Marge Simpson replied: "Homer! Stop that!"
C. Montgomery Burns replied: "Did you hear that, Ari? My boys need only to thump your tub and the title is ours."
"Milhouse." Bart Simpson replied.
"I'm ten and stupid! Look, if I'm not the father, then who is?", Bart Simpson said.
"I'm a nerd." Bart Simpson said.
"Have you been to Homer's house?! It's got a back yard, a front yard... the place is like yard city!" Moe Szyslak responded.
"Everything but the opinion page! I don't need to be told what to think... by anyone living!" Ned Flanders said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Homer, we can't scuttle like crabs for the rest of our lives."
"Watch Itchy and Scratchy!" Bart Simpson responded.
"That's the man I was telling you about." Seymour Skinner said.
"Oh man, I love Oktoberfest. Oktoberfest!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Mother!", Seymour Skinner responded.
"But you gotta help me. These two guys I'm staying with, they work me day and night, they don't feed me, they make me sleep on the..." Bart Simpson answered.
"He hasn't been home in four days." Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson answered "Jimbo Jones?"
Homer Simpson answered "Okay, Mr. Difficult. How about a teen sex romp where you and your buddies are always trying to get some?"
"Fine art, I bet!", Seymour Skinner replied.
"Eh. Oh. Okay, this time try to keep your nostrils closed.", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "A minstrel has composed a roundelay mocking me?! Torture, torture, torture!"
"Lisa, we have to go. Milhouse found a hippie skeleton and he's freaking out." Seymour Skinner responded.
Lisa Simpson said "Bart, we've been going about this all wrong. What's the one thing rabbis prize above everything else?"
"I need to know what's up with Lisa. If her grades drop, we're not technically a school -- we're a tornado shelter with voting booths." Seymour Skinner said.
"Ow!" Moe Szyslak answered.
"Now see here! You are so not the heartless automatons I was looking for! There's one thing man has that machines can never match: hounds!" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Well, back to square one is a major victory in this house, but why did you help me?" Lisa Simpson responded.
"Yeah. Maybe this means the end of our wacky adventures." Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded "I'm helping Daddy!"
Ned Flanders said: "You get my boys tattoos, you change their school, you buy Rod sneakers that light up like Times Square...shoes are shoes and lights are lights! Now, just when do I get a say in how my boys are raised?! This marriage isn't perfect!"
Marge Simpson: "Yeah, but what can you do?"
Lisa Simpson said: "I wanna see Wilmington!"
Homer Simpson responded "Son, I just want you to know I love you very much."
"Dad, I think you're wrong about that robot trying to be your friend." Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson answered "Wow. There's so much I don't understand about bullying."
Homer Simpson: "There's always a catch."
"Turn it off, Homer.", Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "I'll just take these Tampons."
"I've got some wieners in my pocket." Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders replied: "Just get in there!"
"No! I wanted to die choking on food!", Homer Simpson answered.
"But that's impossible! If you're the real Walt Warren, who's taking our son to the baseball game right now?" Marge Simpson said.
"Look at 'em standing out there. No place to go. Heh, heh. Poor guys. Hey, what if we let 'em stay here for just a few days?" Homer Simpson replied.
"The farthest thing from this office I know: rafting down Rattler River Canyon.", Marge Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson said: "Bart won a blue ribbon... but was it worth it?"
"Now Lisa, dumping is such a harsh word. Let's just say I'm replacing you." Homer Simpson said.
Ned Flanders: "Flantastic times two! How are Connie and Bonnie?"
Ned Flanders responded: "Mm-hmm. I haven't felt this good since we stole the 2000 election."
Homer Simpson: "That's weird. It's like something out of that twilighty show about that zone."
Homer Simpson responded "You kids like ice cream?"
Homer Simpson responded: "Come on, boy. Sometimes your faith is all that keeps me going."
Homer Simpson responded: "Now, m'lady, your carriage awaits."
Lisa Simpson responded: "Genius."
"Welcome aboard, son." C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Marge Simpson replied: "That's great. I wonder what surprise your father has in store."
Lisa Simpson replied "Well, I do owe you everything... make it quick."
"No!" Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak replied "Wow. I can't believe this, Simon. Simon? Huh. Was he really here, or was it just my imagination?"
"Yeah, she's had more stars on her than Lisa's homework.", Bart Simpson said.
"Oh no, I've got to take it away before more clueless kids fall into it!" Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "Dr. Hibbert found out my thyroid isn't pumping out enough--"
"Thank you, Drederick Tatum. That was truly a K.O. Knockout Oration." Seymour Skinner responded.
Marge Simpson answered: "I think we're going to have to get Bart some help."
"Something about this just doesn't seem right.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson: "Show's over, let's go!"
Marge Simpson responded "Can we focus on my son? Up in the sky?"
Homer Simpson responded "Plemk heh feh."
Homer Simpson replied "Can I have a clean glass?"
Ned Flanders: "Well, I do miss the Mrs..."
Bart Simpson responded: "God doesn't hear my prayers. If he did, I'd be at home on the couch playing video games in a diaper."
Homer Simpson replied: "So I heard half of nothing."
Bart Simpson replied: "Cool! A spork!"
Homer Simpson responded: "Anything for my little girl."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Mom, this is no time to be conservative. Let's roll the dice here."
Bart Simpson answered "Fresh!"
"The violence really relaxes me.", Bart Simpson said.
"Why Homer, you silly goose! The weed whacker's just for the edges! You're gonna be out here all day!" Ned Flanders answered.
"Nope, it's real -- check out the watermark.", Bart Simpson said.
"No, Maggie! Bad baby!" Marge Simpson answered.
"That doesn't sound like something I'd say." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Leggo my leg."
"And, finally, the most important book of all, The Tao Te Ching by Lao Tzu." Lisa Simpson replied.
"Leave him alone, you vultures!", Lisa Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns replied "With this sculpture!"
"What am I supposed to do?", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded "Where did you get the idea for this, Mom?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh, why did I lead you down here to find those stupid coins?"
Marge Simpson responded: "Doctor, I think Lisa has the mumps."
"Not as hard as you think." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "No! No, I won't go! You can't make me!"
"Wait a minute, Homer! You didn't ask everybody. What about the women?" Marge Simpson said.
"C'mon Dimples, spell something else for us!", Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson responded "What the? It must have shrunk when my wife washed it!"
"You didn't remember that. You just saw it on TV.", Marge Simpson said.
"Leprosy?!", Bart Simpson responded.
"Wait a minute! Your standard markup is four hundred percent?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Yeah, it's a lazy dog-dangling afternoon. But something's a little off..." Homer Simpson responded.
"Have a nice day at school, Lis. I'll just try to make the best of a bad situation. Ahhh...", Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "Check."
Bart Simpson replied "Am I?! No."
"Wait a minute, is this a religious thing?", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Wow, an auto mechanic who tells the truth."
Marge Simpson said: "Terrific. Bart, Sideshow Bob says he'll be seeing you real soon."
"No, that's it. You've seen everything.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Superintendent, I hope you're ready for mouth-watering hamburgers!", Seymour Skinner replied.
Homer Simpson responded "Now you're just making up rules. Who made you Judge Judy and executioner?"
"Ice cream man! Ice cream man!", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson said "This way!"
"Sure, why not?" Homer Simpson answered.
"How ironic. Now he's blind after a life of enjoying being able to see." Homer Simpson said.
"You Scots sure are a contentious people.", Seymour Skinner replied.
"Yes, I'd like to pledge ten thousand dollars to get them to shut up. From... anonymous." Homer Simpson responded.
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "When the errant bill struck my chest, it left a distinctive bruise. Had my heart been inside at the time, it could have been fatal."
Lisa Simpson: "Each year we lose seven species of gumdrops..."
"Muddy footprints on the school floor.", Seymour Skinner replied.
"Lousy drawer... potato masher stuck in small spoon slot... what kind of madman would do that?" Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "This round's on me, Moe. I got a big payday comin'."
"Well then maybe I need to give those kids a better example. Goodnight!", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "Why are you saying that?"
"That's ridiculous. If you didn't write it, who in the world could have?" Bart Simpson responded.
"Well, let's see if I can put this poem together.", Moe Szyslak replied.
Ned Flanders answered "Lookin' good, Rod. Lookin' good."
"Are you sure you didn't create a perfect habitat for you?" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Come to Daddy! Come to Daddy!"
Bart Simpson answered "About the frisbee."
Homer Simpson answered "Zombie file grievance."
"What?" Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Yeah, him. Whatever happened to that guy?"
"Maybe so, but Dawson's gonna be bummed." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson said "Okay, everybody, keep your eyes peeled for an unlit mile post marked twenty-three of thirty-six or something. If we miss it, we're dead."
Moe Szyslak responded "Oh, now you gotta throw your grade school education in my face?!"
"Sounds pretty good." Marge Simpson answered.
"Permission to moan?", Homer Simpson answered.
"What if she doesn't?", Bart Simpson replied.
"Sir, of all the books and movies about Teddy Roosevelt, which would you say is the most informative?" Bart Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner answered: "Bart!!"
Moe Szyslak responded "Oh sorry, I forgot we're out of beer."
Homer Simpson replied: "Not you."
Homer Simpson replied "Okay, you wanna go over there."
Homer Simpson responded: "There you are!"
"Bart, what are you doing?", Marge Simpson replied.
"Oh, I'm outta money! Willie! You wanna buy my skateboard?" Bart Simpson answered.
"Homer, we need something to protect this family.", Marge Simpson responded.
"A surprisingly not-horrible fruit drink called a mimosa.", Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied "No, you live in a different house."
Homer Simpson responded: "Look, there's Bobby Mindich, the class clown."
"Well, Dad, I think running's good exercise -- it adds years to your life." Lisa Simpson responded.
"You're a bully?" Bart Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied: "She just found out no one likes her. I thought she knew!"
Marge Simpson said "Umm... How about... Ghostmutt?"
Marge Simpson responded "And when there was a map-maker's convention here, they all got Lou Gehrig's disease."
Marge Simpson responded "You listen to your friends, but you never listen to me."
Homer Simpson answered "Wow, the windpipe is incredibly responsive!"
"Well, he does seem happy here..." Marge Simpson replied.
"It's a deal!", Homer Simpson responded.
"And you won't even get that.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"But in the end, just when things looked worse, true love triumphed." Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Breaker, breaker. Bartman to shut-in. The big guy's asleep. Please advise. Over."
"What is the mind? Is it just a system of impulses, or is it something tangible?", Bart Simpson responded.
"All right, Homer, come on, baby. Right across the plate -- lemme feel the wind.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Finally, the big day came. We didn't have much money, so we went to a quaint little chapel just across the state line."
"Come on. They're just pins." Lisa Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson replied "Here, why don't you spit some more."
Lisa Simpson replied "This is so cool, Bart. We're just like Woodward and Bernstein!"
Bart Simpson answered: "That trash can must have unkinked your back."
Marge Simpson replied "THOSE WERE THE DAYS."
Marge Simpson responded: "Homer, I found this behind the radiator. I really think you should throw it away."
"Where? To the big annual what?", Homer Simpson replied.
C. Montgomery Burns said "Carry on."
Homer Simpson answered "Eh, they can go to Hell. Bart?"
Marge Simpson said "No."
Homer Simpson said "You are not my son."
Homer Simpson responded: "Oh, I've never heard of those people."
Lisa Simpson responded "That waffle iron's been in the shop forever."
"That's the spirit.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"I'm halfway through it, I swear!" Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Thanks a lot. Now I gotta walk to Shelbyville."
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Hmm... reclusive millionaire, stately mansion, damaged psyche. He's just like me!"
Homer Simpson said: "This is where we get our coffee. Just leave a little at the bottom so someone else has to make the next pot. The burning smell will let them know."
"Run!" Lisa Simpson replied.
"BART!" Homer Simpson said.
Lisa Simpson replied: "Oh, well, we really mean it."
Lisa Simpson replied "Oh, Bart, cartoons don't have to be one hundred percent realistic."
Seymour Skinner answered: "Is this corn oil?"
"He didn't call you a bum, he called you a sponge.", Bart Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders: "Hey-hey there, Marge. Just brought the kids over to share a prayer with the blessed angel, if it's okay with you."
Marge Simpson said: "This is all my fault."
Marge Simpson replied: "I am not gonna make you another sparerib smoothie. Most people with their jaws wired shut don't gain weight."
Bart Simpson answered: "Hey Crabby Hayes, get with the program!"
"Ignor-- what?", Homer Simpson said.
"ANY-ONE BUT HIM." Lisa Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson responded: "I see Ray too."
"You're mean!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Mood swings?! Mood swings. Mood swings!", Homer Simpson answered.
"Plastic bubbling vomit... plastic bubbling vomit..." Bart Simpson responded.
"Are you crazy? A dog can't type. Unfortunately.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded "One night Marge's beastly sisters were showing slides from their latest vacation."
Bart Simpson said "Then Itchy used an ice cream scoop to scoop out Scratchy's heart and make it a sundae. The End."
Marge Simpson answered: "We have them in America. They're called bullfrogs."
Homer Simpson said: "Do you think he noticed?"
"Ew, you used my bracelet for a nose ring!", Lisa Simpson said.
Bart Simpson: "Hey, Mom. Did he have those spots all over his body?"
Homer Simpson replied: "C'mon, say something conclusive."
"Hmm. Good advice.", Homer Simpson replied.
Moe Szyslak: "I ain't got no chance with the strong man's girl. He makes ten dollars a week plus all the sawdust he can eat."
"All you gotta do is play a prank on the principal.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Actually, that was Becky, too.", Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said: "I've gotta know."
Lisa Simpson said: "Ewww."
Marge Simpson: "Ned's letting us use his freezer to store the extra sandwiches."
"I, on the other hand, have been having the best day of my life. And I owe it all to skipping church!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Marge, this is everything I've ever dreamed of, right here.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, you know how the first few weeks are: sleep deprived, walking around in a fog...", Homer Simpson said.
"Your mother seems really upset about something. I better go have a talk with her... during the commercial.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Boy, that's Jim Dandy roof candy! I'd love to come over some time and watch that Church Channel." Ned Flanders said.
Homer Simpson replied "GOODBYE..."
"And I'm growing ashamed of my penis." Homer Simpson responded.
Seymour Skinner replied: "Plus our last bake sale was a disaster. People took bites without buying the cookies."
Marge Simpson said "Where'd you get that?"
C. Montgomery Burns answered: "Says you!"
"My killing teacher says I'm a natural.", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson responded: "I'm talking about that!"
"Maggie! Don't talk with your mouth full.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Hey buddy! Get back there with the other rocks!", Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson: "We're not talking!"
Ned Flanders said "I know what I must do."
"Oh, no. Come on, come on! Open up!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Of the house. Where the fireplace is. We're toasting marshmallows. Marshmallows.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Don't forget your mincemeat pie!" Marge Simpson responded.
"Well, if I'm guilty of anything, maybe it's caring too much. I'm Bart Simpson.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Cupcakes, cupcakes. Yes, sweet cakes for all." Bart Simpson responded.
"Hold still! I'm trying to eat my way out from the inside!" Homer Simpson replied.
"They do so!", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said: "Not me!"
Homer Simpson responded "Marge, those groves of cherry blossoms will bloom every year, to remind the world of the sweetest, most forgiving woman who ever lived... am I off the hook?"
"That one looks like the statue of our town founder, Jebediah Springfield." Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "Wow, Darwin's argument is incredibly persuasive. And his ship was the Beagle, which reminds me of Snoopy... my favorite Peanut!"
Homer Simpson replied: "I know, I know. Fight the power."
"I'm gonna stop now.", Moe Szyslak said.
Lisa Simpson said: "Mom, doesn't it bother you that they're giving you all this attention just because of those?"
Homer Simpson said: "I think this is the best neighborhood in town. Anybody agree with me?"
Marge Simpson answered: "If that costume shop knew we were using these burglar outfits for real, they'd be furious."
"But Mr. Burns, you're exhausted.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Bad dog.", Homer Simpson responded.
"It could only be one thing." Homer Simpson responded.
"Gee, I gotta call my family." Homer Simpson responded.
"It's right there." Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "If I tossed you guys a bucket full of something could you pour it out and toss the bucket back up? Don't drink it!"
"Think nothing of it.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Well, there's one thing no one can take away: my childlike imagination.", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "Awww..."
Marge Simpson replied "They make the Blue Man Group look like Mummenschanz, which is still pretty good. Oh. The second one wants custard, too. That's a little repetitive."
Marge Simpson responded: "No. I couldn't."
Bart Simpson said "Grampa, you're not even going."
Homer Simpson answered "Look at the size of that bird! I'd go Henry the Eighth on those drumsticks."
"Come on, kids! We're gonna visit Grampa. Then we're gonna take the dog to the V-E-T...", Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "You got it. No deer for a month."
"Isn't it wonderful? I'm head over heels in love." C. Montgomery Burns said.
"Fly my pretties! Fly!", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"I've started a crusade against cartoon violence." Marge Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson answered "Dad, if we leave for town right now, we can catch the dinner special at Krusty-Burger."
Bart Simpson answered "The hell I can't!"
Homer Simpson: "Now I have to work overtime--"
"How dare you make light of that brutal--" Lisa Simpson replied.
"I made you some homemade Pepsi for the dance. It's a little thick, but the price is right." Marge Simpson answered.
"Listen, my bulky flower, I-I have an early day..." Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson said "Have you always resented us, Dad?"
"Global Warming, huh? By pure coincidence, every scientist was right!" Homer Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson said "Hoo boy."
Homer Simpson answered "I live it, he writes it."
Homer Simpson responded: "I'd like to buy all these toys for some needy children. Is this enough dirty, dirty money?"
Marge Simpson: "All right."
Marge Simpson answered: "Why don't we do something to take our minds off the storm?"
Marge Simpson responded "...although he doesn't really like school all that much,"
Bart Simpson responded "Look in your heart. I'm beggin' ya. Look in your heart."
"You mean you're willing to give up a good job and a raise just for your principles?", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Bart Simpson said "Is not."
"I'm gonna kill you!", Homer Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak responded "How ya doin'?"
"Son, it's no different than the time I let you vote for me. Remember that absentee ballot?", Homer Simpson responded.
"Heh heh heh. Did you know Kinch had a radio in the coffee pot?", Homer Simpson answered.
"We make a good team. A groin-grabbingly good team!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Mr. Burnsum! You should treat these poor people with respect!" Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "Leave the bottle."
Marge Simpson replied: "Hey Lisa, what are you doing?"
"It all fits. Mr. Burns, rafting it is." Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "Hey, that's pretty nifty. Let me try."
Marge Simpson responded: "Selma! Troy doesn't love you at all! He's only using you to squelch the rumors about his bizarre personal life and further his career!"
"Oh baby!" Homer Simpson replied.
"Bee? Aah!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "What does it look like?"
"Okay.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Ooh! How many?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Who are you?" Homer Simpson responded.
"Not praying to Superman!", Ned Flanders said.
Seymour Skinner said "Sir, if we let these hill folk into our school, our test scores would drop so low, we'd lose all federal funding."
Homer Simpson: "Gotcha! Candy cane in the umbrella stand -- oldest trick in the book... okay, let's see..."
"Now you got a law suit on your hands. Just kidding.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied: "Yes!"
Marge Simpson responded "Oh, Homie, I'm so glad you're safe! Hmmm, you feel softer than before."
"Ooo, how 'bout cherry this time? And would it kill you to make some coffee?" Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied "Top of the world, ma!"
Homer Simpson answered "No, I can't. This is my cause. I'm like the man who single-handedly built the rocket and went to the moon. What was his name? Apollo Creed?"
"Look at that picture quality -- you can see the soulless emptiness in that shark's eyes." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson said "I'm pretty sure there is."
Homer Simpson responded: "Yeah, well Scooby Doo can doo-doo... but Jimmy Carter is smarter!"
"No, who?" Bart Simpson said.
Moe Szyslak said "Wine? Jeez. No one ever orders that. Umm..."
Marge Simpson answered: "Internet, eh?"
Lisa Simpson answered "Mom, you said I could have one souvenir, right? Well I want a didgeridoo."
Marge Simpson replied "Homer!"
Seymour Skinner answered: "Yes, of course -- I think we can wrangle you a used bicycle. Do you prefer Schwinn or Huffy? Bart? Where did he-- My car keys!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Where are the refreshments?"
"Yes, Mr. Burns." Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded: "Sorry, Dad -- this is our thing now."
"That's bad." Homer Simpson replied.
"Mmm... pancakes.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Yeah, Moe, that team sure did suck last night! They just plain sucked! I've seen teams suck before, but they were the suckiest bunch of sucks that ever sucked!", Homer Simpson answered.
"This broom closet is not what it seems. It's a secret surveillance room, guarded by a tiny, evil robot." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "All right, you're not a coward. And that's beside the point because--"
"Never gonna happen." Bart Simpson answered.
"Hm, maybe there is something in there.", Ned Flanders answered.
"I told you! I find them boring.", Homer Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson: "Really? Hmmm."
"Thank you!", Marge Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns answered "Now, enjoy your game and the madcap antics of the free-wheeling title-holder of this asset: me!"
"promised Marge...", Homer Simpson answered.
"The one thing I couldn't prepare for." Homer Simpson responded.
"He's giving them a bath!", Lisa Simpson said.
"I really thought I could handle this, but...", Lisa Simpson replied.
"That's not Grampa. Dad's just dehydrated." Lisa Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson replied "You'd be surprised what he could do if you just gave him a chance."
"Dad, I hate to break the mood, but I'm getting nauseous." Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson responded: "I saw this picture at Grandma's house, then I hit the pet stores till I found one that looked just like it."
"Gee, is it always this good?", Lisa Simpson answered.
Ned Flanders answered "Well, sir... when we got married, I knew I'd find some spices in my chili. I guess they can go to Springfield Hellementary."
"I mailed them the answer but they never printed it.", Homer Simpson said.
"You heard me -- They're alien replicons from beyond the moon!", Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Semper fi."
Homer Simpson responded "Oh guys, it was horrible. I saw Marge kissing a far superior man."
"Look, if it were up to me, I'd be harassing them with you. If anything, I'd be the guy who took it too far. But I love my wife and I want to win her back!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Last year, you spent five thousand dollars on donuts, two thousand on scalp massages, five hundred on body glitter--", Marge Simpson responded.
"Face it, you're not the most mechanical guy in the world. But you're good at other things: like... eating while driving. That's somethin'... and nobody gets madder at the news." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson answered "Quiet -- we're missing the dissection!"
Homer Simpson responded "I want to set the record straight. I thought the cop was a prostitute."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "Enough chit-chat. I need to see Lisa."
"I never thought I'd say this, but I missed you guys. Even what's her name, Lisa." Bart Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson replied "Dad, where are you going?"
"Well, sir, for one thing we had a problem every Tuesday, when the cafeteria would serve fish sticks.", Homer Simpson said.
"But it's summertime -- the ice bridge will be a water nothing.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Arrrgh!", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "What are you talking about, Marge? I don't need a..."
"Homer, what's wrong?" Marge Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson answered "Homer, taking an officer's cap is an arrestable offense."
"Hey boy, come here! You're a good dog! Come on, we don't need them to get a Thanksgiving dinner!" Bart Simpson replied.
"Nothin's ever gonna stop me.", Bart Simpson said.
Seymour Skinner said "Would the world judge me harshly if I threw away the key?"
Marge Simpson said "He seemed to know a lot about brunch. But it turned out he wasn't interested in brunch at all."
Homer Simpson said "Lisa. I'll miss you when this is all over."
"Runaway Truck Lane! We're saved!", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Guys, believe me, I didn't mean to get you expelled...", Homer Simpson answered.
"Oh, too much junk in the trunk, eh?" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "Oh, just some blueprints Adil wanted. I'm telling you, he's such a curious little dickens. I bet he could build a nuclear power plant if he wanted to."
"Uggams!", Marge Simpson said.
Marge Simpson answered: "Who's a possum? You're a possum."
Marge Simpson responded "Dear Pus Bag..."
Bart Simpson said "Can I just ask, who the hell says potato?"
"Well, let's see how you do against twenty-year-old Homer.", Homer Simpson said.
"Hey, don't make me hassle you, Lisa.", Homer Simpson responded.
"It's just you and me tonight, Buttermilk." Seymour Skinner said.
"Come on, come on. We were worried about you. Nothing personal. I just fear the unfamiliar." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded: "Watch the fish, Marge."
"I don't know... date a chick with kids..." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "This is the life."
Lisa Simpson replied: "Obesity is really unhealthy. Any doctor will tell you that."
Homer Simpson said "Hello, Marge?"
Homer Simpson replied: "I love you, Homey. Heh, heh, heh. I don't need her at all anymore."
Bart Simpson responded: "Quiet nerds burp only near school."
Bart Simpson: "Oh, my God, he is like some sort of non... giving up... school guy."
"Okay. Hang on, Homer. Two eye holes coming up!" Bart Simpson replied.
"Oh my God! It's the opportunity of a lifetime!", Homer Simpson responded.
"I think it's nice we're doing something Maggie will enjoy for once. Besides, I'm sure Storytown Village is also fun for everyone... from 8, to... God only knows." Marge Simpson said.
Bart Simpson answered "Well that is your problem, Ralph. This is how I always walk."
Homer Simpson said: "Ho, ho... if he's as smart as he is funny, I'm sold."
Homer Simpson replied "Work out!"
"I don't know. I feel naked without it." Bart Simpson said.
"Yeah." Bart Simpson replied.
Seymour Skinner replied: "Today I received an education in how children really learn: by seeing their principal run around on top of a shipping container."
Lisa Simpson said "Well, if you don't feel the way Greta does, you've got to tell her before she gets hurt."
Homer Simpson replied: "Oh, they found it. But don't tell him. This is way cheaper than a nursing home."
"Stand aside, Marge. I'm taking the boy deer hunting. He's going to grow up straight for once.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Cheating!", Lisa Simpson answered.
"Shut up, Flanders." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered "Look at you! Idiots!"
"You know, I could save money by buying separate nuts and mixing them at home." Homer Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders said "Homer! Wake up! The car's filling with..."
"They say we're contaminating the planet.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "She's still your mother. Come inside."
"Come on, this isn't a joke. All over town, kids are just waking up from their naps, cranky and hungry for the news.", Lisa Simpson responded.
Lisa Simpson: "As big as a baby's head."
"I'll also need to remove your tattoo." Moe Szyslak replied.
"Oh my God. That's, that's shattering. And now, I'm a man in pain in the naughtiest city since San Francisco turned all nerdy.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Woo-Hoo! In your face Milwaukee!" Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Now to drop gracefully through the windshield."
Moe Szyslak responded: "C'mon, guys. Free pickled eggs."
Bart Simpson answered "And there's one Itchy and Scratchy cartoon I don't think we'll ever forget."
"Ugh, that antenna is an eyesore.", Lisa Simpson replied.
"Yes, Mother.", Seymour Skinner replied.
"Oh, that submarine's so fake... Look, you can see the strings... Ooh! An octopus!", Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Why did you rat me out, kids? Was it because I showered love on those other children while ignoring you?"
"That's them all right. I can't believe it. I guess you're the only one I can trust...", Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson responded "But... but I..."
Lisa Simpson answered: "Mom, I found your wedding dress!"
Homer Simpson said "Awww."
Bart Simpson said "Step into our Jerkatorium."
Homer Simpson replied: "I, uh, hope it's twins!"
Bart Simpson: "What? You can't take my Balderdash!"
"I'm goin' home. It's not safe in here.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson said "Brief nudityyy!"
Homer Simpson said "Whoa, whoa, one question at a time. Yes, you?"
Moe Szyslak replied: "But I'm considering it because I want to share your world forever."
"Guess I forgot to put the fog lights in..." Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Woo hoo!"
"What?", Homer Simpson answered.
"I think I'm done here. Lisa, go nuts." Bart Simpson said.
"No, no!", Marge Simpson responded.
"So that's it? All my dreams, lived?", Homer Simpson replied.
"Bad cat!" Marge Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Well, I think what you're doing for Mrs. Glick is very nice. The poor old thing doesn't have anybody."
Homer Simpson answered: "Why Flanders, you rogue."
"All right, all right. It's Lisa's turn.", Marge Simpson said.
Ned Flanders said "The Chri... I-I-I don't think you understand my objection..."
"Just because it's too hip for you, Smithers..." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
"I hardly ever let Mother fight for me anymore!", Seymour Skinner said.
Homer Simpson said "Even love is boring when you're stuck in a tunnel of it. Why can't this be the Tunnel of Hockey Fights?"
Marge Simpson responded: "Mr. Hutz! This was all a misunderstanding. I didn't mean to take anything."
Homer Simpson said: "And check these out..."
Bart Simpson said "Let's see him track me now."
"Stop it right now." Bart Simpson replied.
"Will you quit staring at me like that!" Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "Um... who says we're gonna have kids of our own?"
C. Montgomery Burns: "Oh, hello friends. I'm Montgomery Burns, your next governor, and I'm here to talk to you about my little friend, here. Blinky."
"Bart!" Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson responded "Well, it's... Ah, you wouldn't be interested. It's too low brow."
Lisa Simpson answered: "ROCK AND ROLL."
Bart Simpson responded "Krusty, would you do the honors?"
Bart Simpson said "Lady's choice."
Homer Simpson replied: "I'm not pouting. I'm... mourning. Stupid dead woman."
Homer Simpson responded "Leeches!"
Homer Simpson answered: "Woo hoo! Oh, uh, if an emergency alarm goes off, there's earplugs in the top drawer!"
Homer Simpson responded "Really? Look, boy! Now I'm in Australia! Now I'm in America!"
"It's closing?! But where will people find clips of old TV shows if they're not housed in a giant building? Where? Where?", Homer Simpson replied.
"When did he lose his cuteness?" Bart Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns: "Hot dog!"
"Ew, I can't watch this." Marge Simpson responded.
"And that's how a presidential veto gets overridden. Any questions?" Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "Bart, I couldn't help noticing Buck is a total fraud. So I took the liberty of creating a new hero for your wall."
Bart Simpson answered "Aye carumba!"
"Relax, what's the worst that could happen?", Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Sorry, White Stripes. No hard feelings?"
"Oh of course you'd say something like that, Marge. You've hated Ned for years. In fact, you wanted to bash his head in with a pipe.", Homer Simpson said.
"What does a competitive eater eat?", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "I'm hungry. Are they married yet?"
"Lenny! Wake up!", Homer Simpson responded.
"Uh-oh. I think I ate a dog food lid." Bart Simpson responded.
"Okay.", Homer Simpson answered.
"But what if I were to shake your hand in this wise?", Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson replied: "Yes, that's it! Lisa, you oughta be a doorbell salesman!"
"This is so generous. How can I ever repay you?" Lisa Simpson said.
"Jewel-encrusted?", Bart Simpson answered.
"How 'bout cooking up some money because this stupid kitchen cost a hundred thousand dollars.", Homer Simpson answered.
"Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Can I get a four fifty-five wakeup call?", Homer Simpson said.
"Um... She's so beautiful. It makes my heart take wing!", Moe Szyslak said.
"Tree!" Marge Simpson responded.
"Homer is so amazing! He can chug a beer and pitch woo at the same time." Marge Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "But what are these wings? Oh, it's just a seagull stuck in my back."
Marge Simpson responded: "Are you ready?"
"LET THEM PLAY! WE WON'T LOOK, WE'LL TURN AWAY / GO MAKE LOVE, THEN EAT SOME HAY..." Homer Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "Not yet, but at least I'm in a lot of pain."
"All right.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied: "Grampa, you said that about all the presents."
Homer Simpson answered: "But Marge, the barflies are expecting me... Moe, and Barney and that guy who calls me Bill..."
"She could get hurt!" Lisa Simpson responded.
"No Marge, I love when you do that. You're a regular Carin' A-lot-ovich." Homer Simpson said.
"Perhaps I may be of help." C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Bart Simpson: "I thought I'd be jumping for joy the day Skinner left, but now all I have is this weird hot feeling in the back of my head."
"Uh... shoes, butt-back?", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson said: "Bart! Where do you pick up words like that?"
Homer Simpson said "Hey, as long as he's got eight fingers and eight toes, he's fine by me."
"Problem: a pointy deity. And I've got the perfect solution.", Homer Simpson said.
Bart Simpson said "Hey, Flanders gave us toothpaste."
Moe Szyslak responded "Ow! Ow! God help me!"
Lisa Simpson replied "Is that Mom?"
Homer Simpson replied: "Rubes... so many rubes... pounding me with their jet skis... rubes! Please, no rubes..."
Homer Simpson said: "Now, it's my turn to roll the dice! Wanna kiss them for me?"
"Well, what'd you think?", Homer Simpson answered.
Moe Szyslak replied "If I couldn't spend the treasure on Edner, I didn't want to spend it. I just sat there playin' our song on the jukebox. One gold--"
Homer Simpson answered "Hey, Bashir's great. If Derek Jeter married Mariah Carey, it wouldn't last, but I bet they'd have a kid like him."
Homer Simpson replied: "C'mon, boy! Be cool!"
"Did you make that awful effigy?" Marge Simpson responded.
"But I'll just draw bunny faces on them to scare Maggie away.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "I know a little something about history. Gather 'round."
"Ew, you're sitting on the toilet.", Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied "Naw, that's okay. I'm broke. I'll walk home."
"Wow, I'd really like to meet this guy." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded "Homer Simpson! Did you take Maggie to Moe's?"
"Let's see. Upper, upper, upper mezzanine. Hmmm. Yes, these must be ours." Marge Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson said "I know, I know. It's never easy."
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, and for yourself."
Homer Simpson responded: "Who told you these things about me?!"
"Now just turn around and count to three." Bart Simpson replied.
Ned Flanders said "I forgave you for accidentally killing my wife."
"Oh no, I can't believe it." Bart Simpson responded.
"We don't get what?", Homer Simpson answered.
"Marge, forget it. He's bigger than me, faster than me, stronger than me and he already has more friends around the plant than I do." Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded "I don't know, but he's algaefying."
Marge Simpson answered: "I don't think you've thought this through."
Homer Simpson said "I might have."
Marge Simpson said "Don't worry. I have a secret weapon -- one more powerful than any gun."
"Where we going? Where we going?" Marge Simpson replied.
"The suit wasn't magic, Moe. Don't you know the story of Dumbo the elephant?" Marge Simpson said.
"And there's some more!" Homer Simpson answered.
"Jealous?" Homer Simpson replied.
"Look, Grampa, I'm fine! I really don't need any more home remedies." Bart Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "We're going to that game party and we're going to be charming and witty."
Homer Simpson responded: "And if elected president of our small community, I will determine once and for all how far we can go without being gay."
"Solid. The rest of you, go on home and look in your mailboxes. 'Cause I totally remember sending checks out." Bart Simpson replied.
"Uh-oh, here comes a Xylon cruiser. Whoa, whoa, whoa! Go into hyperspace! Ready, hit it!", Bart Simpson replied.
"It's a town filled with winners...and Skinners." Moe Szyslak answered.
Homer Simpson responded "Now for a victory cigar."
"Flanders!" Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded: "Mmmm. Hog fat."
"Stop the madness! Start the movie!", Homer Simpson said.
"I am, and you seem more interested in my day than my husband!" Marge Simpson answered.
"Son, I've learned one thing in this life: to stay out of trouble, just say nothing. Don't rock the boat. Don't even get in the boat." Homer Simpson answered.
"Twenty-three skidoo!", Marge Simpson responded.
"I can't hear you. Wait! Fly into my saxophone!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "Nope."
Bart Simpson answered "I have the power!"
Lisa Simpson responded: "Oh, Dad..."
Homer Simpson replied "Can't make a float without flowers."
Marge Simpson answered: "Now, there'll be no more trouble from that meddlesome bartender."
Homer Simpson answered: "Oh, I only wanted to show my school spirit."
"...Then Father Sean quoted Eminem in his sermon. And in art class, we painted Saint Joan burning at the stake, and mine was the grossest! Catholics rock!" Bart Simpson responded.
"I'm going to find that golden ticket and win that tour! The only thing that can make bacon more delicious is seeing how it's made!" Homer Simpson responded.
"Quit runnin', son. I just want to give ya a big hug!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson replied: "And I'm a college student! Heh, heh."
"Sports?", Bart Simpson responded.
Moe Szyslak answered: "I'd commit arson for the Parson, clergymen can kiss my apse, all kindsa gems. Surprisingly, none of them have sold. Except for this one."
"Uh oh." Bart Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "Indeed I did."
Marge Simpson responded "In a little while."
"Why?" Bart Simpson answered.
"Will do.", Homer Simpson responded.
"Thanks, Mr. Murphy." Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson replied "You certainly have a lot of bowling trophies."
Lisa Simpson replied "You went to Springfield U. You hate A & M."
"When uranium came from a stream...and atoms were split by hand...then transformed into the kind of electricity that illuminated not just our homes, but our souls as well?" C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Absolutely. I want you and your pals to go away to Camp David and write up a report on coolness." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Marge!", Marge Simpson responded.
Bart Simpson responded "It's simple. We just have to cause a riot at the Springfield Shoe Expo."
Homer Simpson said "Poor dumb country mouse. Can't even count."
Homer Simpson responded "Let's go get fried chicken!"
Lisa Simpson said: "Can I wear your jewelry?"
"Homer, the mob is puttin' the screws on me, see. I ain't gettin' killed 'cause you won't pay your tab. Now give me fifty bucks!" Moe Szyslak said.
Lisa Simpson said "Your four eyes saw a lot today, Milhouse. What's the skinny?"
Homer Simpson answered "Couldn't agree more. Happy as a clam."
"Greetings from Nedily Space Center on Cape Flandaveral. We noticed your sky-ro-technics and thought we'd join in. Ooh, looks like a perfect landing!" Ned Flanders answered.
Marge Simpson answered: "You what?!"
"Good-bye Lis. I hope you get reincarnated as someone who can stay awake for fifteen minutes.", Bart Simpson answered.
"Maybe he had a good reason to give you the ultimate screw-over.", Marge Simpson said.
"Before you go, could you hire your own replacement? But make sure she's not crazy like you." Homer Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson answered: "Dad, I've got some bad news."
Homer Simpson replied: "Go! Go! Go!"
Ned Flanders answered "Science is like a blabbermouth who ruins a movie by telling you how it ends. Well, I say there are some things we don't want to know! Important things!"
"Sadly, no.", Seymour Skinner answered.
Seymour Skinner: "Oh, of course. I'm sorry, I... I don't get out to restaurants much."
"All drivers must be over the age of twenty-five... and check." Moe Szyslak said.
"Hey! I'm Bart Simpson's father, and I'm sick of you teaching my son your time-tested values! Hey, what's that smell?", Homer Simpson replied.
"But you could lose everything. Come on." Homer Simpson responded.
"Da-ad --" Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered: "Even bonnets?"
"Hey, every witch needs a familiar..." Lisa Simpson said.
"Mom, I'm sorry I'm late! No excuse, I just forgot all about you. Huh? I'm not sure that patch really represents who I am right now." Lisa Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson answered: "I'm Homer Simpson. I just took your test. I got a zero."
Homer Simpson: "Oh, So full... Bellybutton moving from innie to outie..."
Homer Simpson said "What happened here?"
Bart Simpson responded "And fill it to the top this time."
"Smooth as a baby's behind." Homer Simpson responded.
"Dad, that's a bomb!", Lisa Simpson replied.
Bart Simpson said "Man, this story is filling in a lot of gaps."
Homer Simpson said "That's just what I was going for! I was going for Scary."
"Hey, Marge. Partaking of the grape, were we?", Homer Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson responded "Dad, you should listen to him. He's a man of science and you can barely read!"
Homer Simpson responded "Okay, okay, I didn't ask for your life story."
"Oh...", Homer Simpson replied.
"What do we want?", Marge Simpson replied.
"Okay, here's the solution -- I want you kids to lock the bedroom from the outside, so I can't get out and perpetrate my nocturnal mischief.", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded: "How are you going to find him?"
"Eh, you said it, Barn.", Moe Szyslak responded.
Bart Simpson replied "Yes. Yes I do."
"My poor boy is miserable in here. There has to be something I can do to help him." Homer Simpson replied.
"Asterix! Tintin! I heard these only existed in high school French classes." Lisa Simpson responded.
Ned Flanders: "And Rev, you'll be bunkin' with me!"
"You lie. You love me!", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson answered "Good horse. Here's one taco and you'll get another when you win."
Homer Simpson responded: "It's not fair!"
Bart Simpson replied "... we interrupt this broadcast to bring you a very special presentation. Tonight's program is entitled..."
Bart Simpson responded "Dad, you barely go to work at all."
"Finally, a circus full of whimsy and wonder.", Marge Simpson answered.
Bart Simpson replied: "Don't want any troublemakers on our submarine."
"Two million.", Lisa Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "It's my room!"
"Homer!" Marge Simpson said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Don't worry, Marge. I've come up with a perfectly balanced budget. There will be exactly enough money for you, me, Bart and Lisa, if we make a few small sacrifices."
Homer Simpson answered "Okay. Ready."
Homer Simpson answered "Oh. This other cheese cube's stuck to the first one. Well, that still technically counts as one."
"Ginger's my wife.", Ned Flanders answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Endorsed by the American Carny Association."
Marge Simpson said: "Homer... Homer."
Bart Simpson said: "I don't wanna play with Milhouse."
"I guess an open garage isn't the best hiding place.", Homer Simpson replied.
"Oh, can't a guy rush home from work to see his beautiful--", Homer Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson: "That was awesome!"
"Go, go, go, go, go!", Marge Simpson responded.
"Foolish boy. You'll never guess Elon Musk's master password.", Lisa Simpson said.
"Five hundred dollars?! No problem. Would you take an out-of-state, two-party bad check?", Homer Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson: "Addictive, eh?"
Homer Simpson: "Stop him, Babando!"
Homer Simpson said: "But Marge, I thought we were chilling out for the sake of our marriage."
"Okay, Marge, let's go.", Homer Simpson said.
"Joe's Taxidermy. You snuff 'em, we stuff 'em.", Bart Simpson replied.
"That would be one weird-looking kid.", Homer Simpson answered.
"My beer... my beer... my beautiful beer." Homer Simpson responded.
"Hey, stop, cable man! Stop!", Homer Simpson replied.
"Go-go or boring?", Homer Simpson said.
"No." Bart Simpson responded.
"Ex... ex... excuse me, sir? I think you've got my TV. Sir?" Ned Flanders responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "Well I can't do it tomorrow. There's an assembly in his honor."
"Mom, I love you! I can't let you go to prison!", Homer Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson answered "And now to make my big move."
"Hmf. Here's your bond issue." Seymour Skinner replied.
"No way, man! I'm a free-range kid!", Bart Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Inseminate myself? Dudes, I think this guy's comin' on to me."
Homer Simpson: "Ow!"
"Oh, man.", Bart Simpson responded.
"Uh... bike, sticky, water go bye-bye?" Seymour Skinner said.
Bart Simpson responded: "Yeah, but what made the rain stop?"
Homer Simpson answered "Ah, you saw our bus ad."
C. Montgomery Burns responded: "We made it, old friend!"
Lisa Simpson replied "Why do jerks think everyone wants to see their stupid name?"
"Well, look at that painting." Marge Simpson replied.
"Uh-oh. Better not let him see me." Bart Simpson responded.
Homer Simpson replied: "Eh, you're the shut-in."
"Not yet." Lisa Simpson answered.
"They were looking at me. With their eyes." Marge Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson said "Tonight I want you to really try to sleep in your own bed, because... Homer, stop that!"
"Mmm... chocolate." Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson responded "I owe it all to my rewarding work with children, and not picking at it."
"You see.", Marge Simpson replied.
"Now, did you get Kirk's license?" Bart Simpson answered.
Lisa Simpson answered "Oh, don't listen to my husband. He's just an idiot. Now, I'm a veterinarian and I need to keep lots of sick animals in my house. Is that permitted?"
"Here you go, lad.", Homer Simpson replied.
"BART!!!! Mmm... apple.", Homer Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson responded: "Oh well, Thank you, Doctor, you've changed my life!"
"Ay carumba. Hey, is that the Ark of the Covenant?", Bart Simpson said.
"Oh Homer, not again." Marge Simpson responded.
"I can't complain." Homer Simpson said.
Marge Simpson responded: "Milhouse?"
Homer Simpson said: "No, no, no, it's great. I'm done with it now."
Lisa Simpson replied "Lincoln was only one man."
Homer Simpson answered: "What's fun about fire ants? They're-- Oh, you're being sarcastic."
"I'll write the letter." Lisa Simpson answered.
Marge Simpson answered "Honey, I know you're scared. But there's no boogie woogies or wooly bullies out there."
"Bart, someone wrote something cynical on your shirt!" Marge Simpson replied.
"It's me... Ned." Ned Flanders answered.
Lisa Simpson said: "Okay, I've gotten rid of all of my distractions, diversions, hobbies and... Oh my God!"
Bart Simpson replied "I guess."
"There's no need for apologies, guys. You're rock stars! You're supposed to be reckless and destructive, and be celebrated for behavior that would land normal people in jail.", Homer Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson answered "Why did I ever have kids? I could have written symphonies, or been Shakespeare."
"So many cookies will never be born...", Bart Simpson replied.
Lisa Simpson said: "We've got to go to the police."
Moe Szyslak replied "Right away, sir. I-I-I don't want no trouble."
"Homer, can I speak to you in private?" Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson replied: "Ahhhh!"
"Look at me! I'm flying, like Superman's dog!" Homer Simpson replied.
Homer Simpson: "MR. BO-JANGLES / MR. BO-JANGLES / WE'RE ALL BO-JANGLES / WHO KILLED BO-JANGLES? / MAYBE IT WAS YOU..."
"They put a sticker over my face!", Moe Szyslak said.
Homer Simpson answered "How you doin', Dad?"
"I am only eighty-one. You may find this hard to believe... but in my salad days, my crowning glory was a bright shock of strawberry blond curls.", C. Montgomery Burns responded.
Lisa Simpson responded "Noooo!!"
"I sorta skipped school." Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "No! No! No-o-o-o-o!"
"Why don't you have the colonel's wife save you?" Marge Simpson answered.
Homer Simpson replied "Hey, Bart, watch me run down this old lady."
"We will do this until we get it right.", Seymour Skinner replied.
Homer Simpson replied "Oh heavenly God, my son is plagued with homework. With your vast knowledge of the shore birds of Maryland, I know you can help him."
Marge Simpson responded: "Don't you push them! They've gotta work that out for themselves."
Bart Simpson replied "Prepare to be disappointed!"
Homer Simpson said "I'll save you!"
Marge Simpson answered: "What are you going to do?"
Homer Simpson replied "You promised you wouldn't get mad!"
"Let Automobile Von Bismarck give it a try." Homer Simpson answered.
"Smithers, I'm licked. You open this can.", C. Montgomery Burns replied.
Bart Simpson said: "Check it out! I'm Tomokaz Ohka of the Montreal Expos."
Moe Szyslak: "That was a weird day."
"Yeah, I guess the next place he robs better have a ramp." Moe Szyslak answered.
"Hey, what's going on here, something crazy?" Bart Simpson said.
Homer Simpson: "Ahhhhhh!"
"It's just a legal thing, to protect me." Homer Simpson responded.
"Yes, he's in Geneva, chairing a conference on Nuclear Fission. Yes, that should stick.", C. Montgomery Burns answered.
Bart Simpson responded: "Bart Simpson, I'm just big-boned."
Bart Simpson answered "My Dad, the drug mule."
Homer Simpson said: "Attention parents, children and childless weirdoes. My son and I are going to build Westminster Abbey!"
"Ah, something troubles me about Indian gaming. On the one hand, the revenue helps the tribes..." Lisa Simpson answered.
"O-kay then." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Homer, maybe you'd have had more fun at Moe's tonight." Ned Flanders answered.
Lisa Simpson answered: "Dad, don't eat the bees!"
"Yeah, that was a scary coupla hours.", Moe Szyslak answered.
Lisa Simpson said: "Wow, thanks Sparkle. Wait, this isn't you."
Homer Simpson answered: "Why you little...!"
"Ya know, I think I'll volunteer, too." Moe Szyslak answered.
"Hey, look what was in here. A program from that guy's funeral." Homer Simpson said.
"A diner!?", Marge Simpson said.
"Oh can't you see this man isn't a hero! He's annoying. He's very, very annoying!" Ned Flanders answered.
"Homer, what you do is go down to window nine at the courthouse. You slip the guy a hundred bucks and your record is as clean as... uh, I ain't got nothin' clean to compare it to.", Moe Szyslak answered.
Homer Simpson: "Well, okay. But you can't silence Homer Simpson. I'm the friend of the downtrodden. And I'm not gonna forget what I saw here today."
Marge Simpson replied: "Good morning, dear."
"That's right. All his talk of peace and love is really honking off my red Chinese masters. Now Smithers, walk me around the park until I fall asleep. I'm feeling fussy." C. Montgomery Burns replied.
"Here she comes! And-a one and-a two and-a..." Marge Simpson responded.
"La la la la la..." Homer Simpson said.
"Uh, I don't think so.", Lisa Simpson responded.
"That's my mom, I gotta go. I finished nailing this board.", Bart Simpson responded.
Marge Simpson replied "Oh my God, what happened to your fingers?!"
"Come on, people! Move it! I want to see some sweat!" Lisa Simpson said.
"'Cause Marge and I have one thing that can never be broken: a strong marriage built on a solid foundation of routine." Homer Simpson said.
Homer Simpson said "Me Homer. Me hiding from PBS."
Bart Simpson replied: "I am waiting for a bus."
Ned Flanders responded "Edna, I'm not one for costumes, but I sure do like that feather in your hair."
Marge Simpson responded: "They took my cupcakes!"
"Well, at Sunday School we learned that stealing is a sin.", Lisa Simpson said.
Homer Simpson responded "Yay!! We're getting a new TV!!"
Marge Simpson answered: "Society's loss, I suppose. But our marriage has been through hard times and we always pull through."
"Oh, right. What'd you get her, Dad?", Bart Simpson replied.
Marge Simpson responded "Good. Does anyone else have a love story?"
"Flushing Meadows..." Homer Simpson responded.
"Okay. All right. You can bluff your way through one test." Lisa Simpson responded.
"Homer, quit playing that back." Ned Flanders replied.
"Who knew that anger was savin' my life?", Homer Simpson said.
C. Montgomery Burns said "But we're running out of forward momentum."